South African Social Security Agency
Client service charter
Welcome to our client charter.
We want you, our client, to judge us by the standards of service set out in this charter.
We will treat you with respect and will do you a good service in accordance with the principles of BATHO PELE.
We commit ourselves, as part of our responsibility, to providing world services, accurate information, advice and assistance for all our services.
Purpose of the Charter
This charter tells you about the service standard you can expect from the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA).
SASASA is an expansion of the government structure to provide social subsidies to South African citizens.
We're making commitments.
Effective and cost-effective management of quality social security services using best practices.
What can you expect from us?
Promotion and protection of human dignity, confidentiality, honesty, fairness, transparency and justice.
Within the framework of the South African Social Security Agency, we will be
Give you information and advice on all the grants you can apply for.
Send you to other institutions that can meet your needs.
Help me fill out our forms and apply for a grant.
Keep the information you gave us secret.
Always comply with the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, the laws governing the public service and the code of conduct for the public service
To serve you in the language of your choice.
Work in partnership with the people we serve and other stakeholders.
Seek to continuously improve the quality of services provided in order to meet your expectations
Contact us.
When you personally contact us by telephone, e-mail or e-mail, the following happens:
The client service agent you're dealing with identifies itself.
As far as the telephone and personal matters are concerned, we will immediately resolve your questions.
If we can't solve this problem immediately, we'll give reasons and inform the client when we expect an answer.
We'll give you a reference number so you can continue the investigation.
We will acknowledge receipt of any message you send, and we will address this matter within seven working days.
If we can't answer you fully within seven working days, we'll tell you why and when you can expect an answer.
We'll try to solve your question in 21 working days.
If you call us, we'll try to answer your call as soon as possible in the official language of your choice.
We'll report every decision about your gift in writing.
In SARSA offices
When you arrive at one of our offices, our staff will assist you immediately.
All our offices are open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday, 7 November 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. Monday to Thursday and 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesday, 7 November 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. There will be a meeting of the Group of 77 on Friday, 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. on Friday.
In our offices and glasses, you will have access to the following:
Confidentiality
Suitable waiting area
Toilet facilities
Medical treatment in case of advance notification of such need
We'll come to you if, for medical reasons, you can't call our office.
You can call us and we'll arrange a home visit.
Decision on your application for social security
We'll start processing your application the same day.
We need to make sure you have a legal right to a grant.
We've set ourselves the goal of dealing with your claim and paying you a grant within 90 days.
We will inform you of your right to appeal in case of rejection, suspension and withdrawal
Decision-making.
If we decide on your grant application and you think it's wrong, or you want more information about the decision, you can do the following:
Ask us to explain this decision in more detail, and we will cooperate with you.
You can only appeal our decision within 30 days of the date of the decision letter.
You can access your file to obtain any information you may need.
Your responsibility will be that
Provide us with:
Your correct mail and home address.
Changes in your personal circumstances, such as income, address, state of health, etc.
Honest, true, accurate and complete information or explanation at any time.
A timely response to all our correspondence, including feedback or any other information requested from you.
Displeased with our services?
If you're not happy with our services, because:
We spent too much time processing your grant and/or you didn't get it on time.
The behaviour of our official was undesirable.
Our employees made a mistake in your application or gave you the wrong advice.
Any intentional/unintentional error on our part
Inform us of this, and we will immediately correct any mistake we have made.
If you want to file a complaint, please write to us or call us and ask that you be referred to our client care unit.
We'll discuss our services with you.
We're interested in your opinion of our services.
We'll use the information you're giving us to improve our services.
Please inform us of one of the following methods:
Free number of our telephone centre - 08000 601 011
Fill out a client comment card that is available both in our offices and in our pay-as-you-go locations.
Visit our website at www.sassa.gov.za
Visit any of our contact points.
(Regional, local service points and remuneration)
Put a written document in any of our offices.
Questions or comments on the present charter
If you need any more information about this charter, call one of our offices.
You can get this charter in Braille, audio recordings, and CD if you ask.
The Charter will begin in 01/04/2007 and will be reviewed annually in the light of your comments.
Statistics South Africa – News
Internal statistics: As democracy deepens, the need for statistics will increase
This article was originally published in the Business Report on 5 August 2004.
Last week, I participated in a meeting of the Regional Advisory Council of the East African Statistical Training Centre in Tanzania, where I was able to participate in the 39th annual launch of the Centre, which was attended by five staff members of the SA Statistical Service.
Training the staff of the State-Sa is an organizational passion.
Shortly after I was appointed General Statistician, Stats SA, together with the Statistical Board, began to urgently search for institutions offering relevant training in official data.
We have identified two institutions: the training centre in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and the Institute for Statistics and Applied Economics in Uganda.
The Training Centre was established in 1965 by the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa, the East African Common Services Organization and the United Nations Development Programme.
By 1977, the Tanzanian Government had assumed the leadership of the centre and had increased the number of African countries it served to 13.
The Institute in Uganda was established in 1969 within the legal framework of McCerere University.
The stated objective is to provide high-level training in statistics and applied economics.
Over the past three years, SA Stats has been sending its staff to these institutions.
Last year, the first batch finished.
Since their return, they have shown tremendous improvement, some of whom are now in leadership positions.
However, the Stat SA faces new challenges.
The need for statistical information for decision-making at all three levels of government has increased dramatically.
In particular, those trained in the collection and use of statistical information at the municipal level are critical.
To meet this need, we will have to train at least 2,000 people a year.
The Tanzania Training Centre and the Uganda Institute of Statistics and Applied Economics cannot cope with this high demand.
In opening last year's SA Statistical Association conference, Finance Minister Trevor Manuel invited South African universities to address the lack of statistical skills that would help the Government make informed decisions based on accurate statistical information.
With a view to introducing such training, SSC has begun negotiations with universities.
At present, however, no South African university offers courses in official statistics.
In the near future, SSC plans to establish a statistical training institute that will provide training in official statistics for both internal and other departments.
The introduction of a system of national statistics will require the establishment of statistical units in various government departments, which will result in an even greater demand for qualified statistical capacity.
However, statistical capacity development is not only linked to the Government &apos; s need for accurate information.
Statistics are at the heart of democracy.
In the early 20th century, HG Wells concluded that in the future statistics would be as necessary for citizens as the ability to read and write.
State statistics are a recent cultural achievement that has emerged with the advent of democracy.
In the African context, where democracy is a more recent phenomenon, we will see a marked increase in the demand for public statistics as democracy deepens.
Statisticians are the custodians of democratic principles of transparency in measurement and access and hence accountability.
This is at stake in efforts to build statistical capacity and develop the institutions necessary for mass and rapid expansion of official data teaching.
Pali Lehohla is the head of Statistics S.A.
Further information on the SA statistics and their results can be found at www.statssa.gov.za or call (012) 310-8600
16 Days of Activism: Did you know?
Since 1994, the Government had developed legislation to redress injustices affecting women and children.
To ensure that everyone enjoyed constitutional rights, the Promotion of Equality and Prevention of Unfair Discrimination Act 2000 had been enacted.
This law guarantees women equal enjoyment of rights and freedoms in dealing with the problems of the past.
The Employment Equality Act 1998 reduces discrimination in employment, employment and income in the labour market arising from the laws of apartheid.
It encourages the equitable representation of women and other historically disadvantaged persons at all levels of public and private institutions.
The Maintenance Act 1998 guarantees the right of the child to a standard of living adequate for physical, mental, spiritual and social development.
The law ensures that child support is collected from parents or other persons financially responsible for the child.
The Domestic Violence Act 1998 was enacted to provide victims with maximum protection against domestic violence.
Currently, women who were victims of domestic violence had access to remedies that protected them.
The Children &apos; s Act 2005 and the Children &apos; s Amendment Act 2007 were enacted, inter alia, to protect the child from ill-treatment, neglect, ill-treatment or humiliation.
The Government has implemented and supported many activities aimed at protecting the human dignity of women and children.
The Charter on the Rights of the Child is currently being revised and updated to include new issues, such as the use of children as objects of pornography and the exposure of children to pornographic material.
The Government had responded to the problem of forced marriages of children with adults under the pretext of traditional practices called "Ukutwala".
The Government was committed to ensuring that traditional and other practices were consistent with the Constitution and relevant legislation.
A process is under way to re-establish specialized police units dealing with domestic and sexual violence cases, as well as other crimes against women and children.
The establishment of specialized units would mobilize the expertise necessary to improve the management and successful prosecution of crimes against women and children.
At present, 17 Tutuzela care centres have been established throughout the country in communities with high levels of sexual violence.
These centres provide health and welfare services, as well as mechanisms to effectively inform and prosecute qualified professionals for crimes in decent and caring conditions.
Asset recovery funds in criminal cases were used to finance 19 victim empowerment projects.
A Handbook on Services for Victims of Violence and Crime has been developed, which contains services provided by more than 1,500 governmental and civil society organizations in all provinces.
The handbook provides people with access to the services available in their area.
Centres for victims of crime have been set up in high-level police stations
Special Sexual Offences Courts have been established.
The Domestic Violence Act provides for the establishment of shelters.
There are currently 96 shelters in South Africa, compared with 39 in 2001.
Rights enshrined in the Victims Charter are implemented for victims of criminal justice-related crimes
The Charter includes the Minimum Standards for Services for Victims of Crime, which establish a legal framework to enable victims to assert their rights to services expected to be provided by the criminal justice system.
According to the Victims &apos; Charter, the number of days taken to complete the case in the Sexual Offences Court had been reduced from 285 to 142.
The Charter also requires that the Government of South Africa fulfil its international obligation under the United Nations (UN) Declaration on Basic Principles of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power.
International cooperation in addressing violence against women and children.
South Africa submitted its report on the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
South Africa hosted a ministerial meeting of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) (October 2009) to finalize a 10-year regional strategic plan of action to combat trafficking in persons, especially women and children.
The SADC Protocol on Gender and Development states that SADC member States will adopt legislation to combat sexual harassment by 2015.
South Africa hosted the Regional Summit on Gender Justice (9-10 November 2009), which brought together African countries to share experiences and best practices in addressing sexual and gender-based violence.
Don't turn your back, act against violence.
Statement of confidentiality
The Ministry of Housing is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technologies that provide you with the most powerful and safe online experience.
This statement of confidentiality applies to the website of the Ministry of Housing and regulates the collection and use of data.
Using the website of the Ministry of Housing, you agree with the practice of collecting the data described in this statement.
Collection of personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects personal identification information such as e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
The Ministry of Housing also collects anonymous demographic information that is not unique to you, e.g. ZIP code, age, sex, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer equipment and software, which is automatically collected by the Ministry of Housing.
This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and website addresses.
This information is used by the Ministry of Housing to ensure the operation of this service, to maintain the quality of services and to produce general statistics on the use of the Ministry of Housing &apos; s website.
Please note that if you directly disclose identifiable information or personal confidential data through the bulletin boards of the Ministry of Housing, this information may be collected and used by others.
Note: The Ministry of Housing does not read any of your private online messages.
The Ministry of Housing urges you to review the confidentiality statements on the websites you prefer to contact from the Ministry of Housing so that you can understand how these websites are collected, used and exchanged with your information.
The Ministry of Housing is not responsible for privacy claims or other material on websites located outside the Ministry of Housing and the Department of Housing.
Use of personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects and uses your personal information to work with the website of the Ministry of Housing and Services, which you requested.
The Ministry of Housing also uses your personal identifiable information to inform you of other products or services that may be obtained from the Ministry of Housing and its affiliates.
The Ministry of Housing can also contact you through surveys to examine your views on current services or on potential new services that may be offered.
The Ministry of Housing does not sell, lease or lease its client lists to third parties.
The Ministry of Housing may contact you from time to time on behalf of external business partners about a particular proposal that may be of interest to you.
In these cases, your unique personal identification information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not provided to a third party.
In addition, the Ministry of Housing can exchange data with trusted partners to help us carry out statistical analysis, send you mail or mail, provide support to clients or arrange deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information, except for the provision of such services to the Department of Housing, and they are obliged to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Ministry of Housing does not use or disclose confidential personal information, such as race, religion or political affiliation, without your express consent.
The Ministry of Housing monitors the websites and pages visited by our clients at the Ministry of Housing to determine which of them is the most popular.
These data are used to transmit individualized content and advertising within the Ministry of Housing to clients whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a specific subject area.
The websites of the Ministry of Housing shall disclose your personal information without notice only if required by law or in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the regulations of the law or with the legal procedures available to the Ministry of Housing or the website; (b) protect and protect the rights or property of the Ministry of Housing; and (c) take emergency measures to protect the personal safety of housing users or the public.
Use of cookies
The website of the Ministry of Housing is using "kuchuki" to help you shape your online experience.
Cookies are a text file placed on a hard drive by a web-page server.
Cookies can't be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
The cookies are exclusively for you, and you can only read them on the web server in the domain that gave you the cookies.
One of the main objectives of the cookies is to provide a convenient opportunity to save time.
The purpose of the cookie is to tell the web server that you're back on a specific page.
For example, if you sign the pages of the Housing Department or register with the Ministry of Housing or Services, the cookies help the Ministry of Housing to recall your specific information about subsequent visits.
This makes it easier to record your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, etc.
When you return to the same website of the Ministry of Housing, the information you have previously provided can be obtained, so you can easily use the facilities of the Ministry of Housing specially designed for you.
You have the ability to accept or reject cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but usually you can modify the browser setting to give up cookies if you want.
If you decide to give up the cookies, you may not be able to fully access the interactive functions of the Housing Services Department or the websites you visit.
Security of your personal information
The Ministry of Housing provides your personal information with unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
The Ministry of Housing provides personal identification of the information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, protected environment protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When personal information (e.g. credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected by encryption, such as the Secret Socket Slow (SSL) protocol.
Modifications to the present statement
The Ministry of Housing will periodically update this statement of confidentiality to reflect feedback from companies and clients.
The Ministry of Housing encourages you to review this application periodically so that you can obtain information on how the Ministry of Housing protects your information.
Contact information
The Ministry of Housing welcomes your comments on this statement on privacy.
If you believe that the Ministry of Housing has not acceded to this application, contact the Ministry of Housing at: webmaster@kznhousing.gov.za.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to quickly identify and address this problem.
Address by Prime Minister Abraham Rasul at the ceremony
Today we are gathered here to congratulate our best diplomas.
We'll tell them, "Okay! We are proud of you, the province and the country are proud of you, your parents are proud of you, and above all, you should be proud of yourself.
The reason why we refer to pride at such a moment is to recognize the fact that an instant achievement comes from a longer time of difficulty and sacrifice, which is today a moment of clarity from circumstances that are best described as difficult.
The Matrix is complicated.
Over the past ten years, we have had to remove the entire education system from apartheid.
To a large extent, we have been successful in terms of greater integration, a unified curriculum and examination, a larger number of those who write and pass a maturity certificate, and the realization that education also serves needs beyond the human person - that the whole economy depends on the set of skills provided by the education system.
The matrix is really complicated.
Our leaders, who gather here in Leuvenhof, are undoubtedly the best of us, those who have achieved better results and those who deserve all the rewards of this province.
However, our thoughts also reach 71 per cent of the population over the age of 20 who have not completed secondary education, about half of the 80,000 who entered the first grade with you 12 years ago, who did not even record an examination in 2004, because they abandoned it on the way, and many who wrote, but because of the choice of subject and class, have a maturity certificate that cannot be accepted by the economy or higher education.
The matrix is even more complicated because you're our store window.
The people judge our future by your representation.
They build their optimism on your well-being.
Their hope in the future is based on our investment in the education system, which is united at this moment of celebration.
And yes, the largest part of both the national and provincial budgets goes to education.
This year alone, in order to retain 2,000 teachers, we had to divert money from other provincial functions to education.
We must intensify our investment in poorer schools so that more and more educational equity can be felt on the basis of a stronger belief in the future in every village school.
Most importantly, Minister Dagmore and Superintendent General Schwartz, we have one chance to develop a human resources strategy to justify all these investments.
We must produce certificates that firmly adhere to our values, outstanding results that are relevant to the economy, faithful to our society and useful to humanity.
That's what we were celebrating here today.
You represent these hopes when we build our house for everyone.
We celebrate your achievements because you have sacrificed and worked hard, your parents have sacrificed and kept you in school, and your society has sacrificed and invested in your future.
Many doubt how valuable it is to celebrate the achievement of a maturity certificate, given its complexity and the fact that it can still reflect the remnants of the apartheid system.
Only you can overcome this by being active and consciously committed to building a house for all, non-racial and more equal.
This has to be reflected in all the decisions you're going to make next.
So far, you've had to choose how much work you're gonna do.
Your certificate of higher education allows and compels you to make decisions and decisions about what kind of person you want to be and what kind of life you want to lead.
Congratulations and good luck.
The Government &apos; s 2010 communications project management mission is aimed at:
Promote strategic communication goals for the first FIFA World Cup in Africa
Make maximum use of this unique opportunity to express and further strengthen unity and pride among South Africans
to inspire our youth
:: Marketing of the country into the world
Create a communications climate that can leverage this opportunity to accelerate development and empower
:: Strengthen African solidarity.
This will be achieved by:
:: Governance and coordination of Government communication activities for the 2010 World Cup
:: Establishing a national partnership between public and private advocates of various disciplines, as well as building alliances with advocates on the continent and in the diaspora so that the country and the continent can collectively take advantage of this opportunity to communicate throughout their lives;
:: Implementation of key public communications projects for the 2010 World Cup.
National traffic regulations as amended to improve road safety
POLOCKWAN: The national traffic regulations have been amended.
It is called the Seventeenth Amendment and entered into force after publication.
The Department of Roads and Transport informs motorists of the following amendments:
New motor vehicles registered after 1 August 2010 shall bear registration plates fitted with sticks or screws.
If it cannot be fitted to a vehicle, it shall be fitted on a grid conforming to the SANS 973 standard.
This amendment will minimize crime and traffic violations committed by motorists who easily remove their license plates so that they cannot be traced.
The removal of the licence plate and its return after the commission of the crime will not be easy, as it will always entail additional costs.
The licence plate is made of aluminium, which makes it difficult to burn out of sight during an accident.
As of 1 February 2011, persons who are granted a driver &apos; s licence under code C, C1, EEC or EC1 will not be allowed to drive a vehicle for which a driver &apos; s permit under code B or EB is required (an old-fashioned driver &apos; s licence under code 10, 11, 13 or 14 cannot drive a vehicle for which you require a driver &apos; s permit under code 08).
This applies only to new licensees.
A large number of student drivers apply for driving permits for heavy vehicles, as opposed to light vehicles, to avoid parallel parking tests as an example.
The reality is that once they get their driver &apos; s license for heavy vehicles, they drive light vehicles that they are not familiar with the controls and eventually become involved in accidents.
In addition, it is expected that all drivers who have obtained driving permits for heavy vehicles should have professional driving permits, but statistics show that they are different.
This proves that the claimants needed a driver &apos; s licence for light vehicles rather than heavy vehicles.
The directional stability control devices for mini- and medium-sized buses are introduced as part of the certification process, which is part of the roadworthiness test.
It applies to all mini-buses and minibuses, not just new vehicles.
The registered vehicle owner or trustee shall submit to the testing station a DSCD form duly filled-in.
The directional stability control device is a device which prevents the tyre from moving away from the rim when the tyre is broken while the vehicle is in motion.
An amendment to Rule 332 has been published, listing the physical breathing tests that can be used to collect evidentiary breathing samples, and the certificate issued by the manufacturer or supplier can be used as evidence in cases by simply producing it.
The amendment is intended to address the issue raised with regard to the legality of breathing apparatus under section 65(7) of the National Road Traffic Act 1996, which is in line with the provisions of the ABS 1793 and can be used to determine the concentration of alcohol in breathing.
The equipment required is as follows:
"This is more appropriate during this holiday season, as it gives added impetus to our efforts to combat drunk driving on our roads," says MEC Roads and Transport Pinky Kecana.
Prenatal (daughter) health care
Pregnant girls and women are provided with maternity or obstetric services in urban areas, as well as satellite or inpatient clinics in rural areas.
The MOUs are maternity wards run by midwives in the community and are designed to provide primary health care to patients.
Pregnant mothers are advised to book their first visit to the clinic for up to 20 weeks or as soon as possible thereafter.
The mother receives a full initial assessment and consultation when she comes to her first antenatal visit, also known as booking.
Pregnancy is monitored through regular follow-up visits.
The mother &apos; s health is also closely monitored.
She'll be weighed, she'll have blood pressure and urine.
If there are no complications, she should return to her first follow-up visit in two weeks to obtain the results of the tests conducted during the reservation.
Thereafter, she must return to the clinic every six weeks until 28 weeks and then within 34 weeks, as indicated by the clinic/MO staff (the frequency of visits may vary by area).
Pregnant mothers are tested for possible risks to their health and the health of the foetus.
Both adolescent girls and pregnant women over 35 years of age are considered particularly dangerous cases.
This means that they have a better chance of complications during pregnancy and childbirth.
Pregnant women can also be regarded as highly risky if they have increased blood pressure, experienced genetic disorders, experienced multiple pregnancies and suffered from previous surgery, such as a caesarean section.
Mothers diagnosed with an increased risk are referred to outpatient antenatal clinics in secondary or tertiary hospitals, where additional research and testing is carried out.
Mothers with an increased risk of pregnancy are encouraged to attend outpatient antenatal consultations as often as necessary.
If you visit a health facility for the first time, you will be asked to fill out the form and the folder will be opened.
Bring your passport, any medicine you take, and a clinic or hospital card, if it was previously registered with the facility.
Low-risk pregnancies are regulated by the MOU (attendance units run by midwives in the community for primary health-care patients) in urban areas, as well as by satellite and inpatient clinics in rural areas.
High-risk pregnancies are performed in outpatient clinics in urban and rural regional hospitals and tertiary hospitals.
Integrated nutrition programme
The Integrated Nutrition Programme (IPP) aims to improve nutrition for all residents of Western Cape Province.
The programme has many dimensions.
What is malnutrition?
Malnutrition is a serious problem in South Africa and is one of the largest sources of childhood disease and death.
It is estimated that about 30 per cent of South African children suffer from malnutrition in the early years of their lives.
Inadequate food consumption, disease and psychosocial stress/traumatic stress are the most serious immediate causes of malnutrition.
Poverty and lack of resources are the main factors contributing to malnutrition.
The INP is trying to solve this silent epidemic in various ways.
Children &apos; s Supplements
At the primary health care level, food supplements, including enriched maize and high calories, will be provided to children who are examined and considered to be undernourished (including children and adults infected with HIV and tuberculosis).
The clients identified receive supplements according to the criteria.
Health workers also provide counselling, information and education on healthy nutrition and the most healthy cooking methods.
In addition, nutritionists provide specialized services to the population.
Breastfeeding
In order to help combat malnutrition among health workers at an early age, women are encouraged to breastfeed their children for up to six months only and then to continue breastfeeding, in addition to introducing appropriate complementary foods until the child reaches the age of two.
Other nutritional options are being discussed with HIV-positive mothers.
Under the Children &apos; s Hospital Initiative and the Grote Shuur Parental Centre, children &apos; s hospitals are in the province.
Monitoring growth
All children are regularly weighed in the growth monitoring programme, which is a sensitive indicator of child growth.
Weight is included in the map &quot; Road to Health &quot;.
The main causes of weight decline are, inter alia, infectious diseases, lack of food at home and neglect of children.
Communicable diseases play an important role in malnutrition and are treated at the primary health care level.
Diarrhoeal diseases are closely related to poor environmental hygiene (sanitary and water supply) and inadequate or poor infant nutrition, which in turn makes them more vulnerable to serious and prolonged diarrhoea.
Poverty alleviation
Households affected by poverty are identified and are one of the Government &apos; s poverty reduction programmes.
Household food security is addressed on a cross-sectoral basis and appropriate interventions and support are provided.
Vitamin additives
Combating micronutrient deficiencies is an integral part of services.
Micronutrients are natural substances, such as vitamins and minerals, which are found in small quantities in food and are very important for good health.
The INP provides vitamin A supplements to target children.
Children who do not have vitamin A lose weight, do not grow up properly, and are more likely to become infected and die from them.
The lack of vitamin A also damages the eye and is a major cause of blindness among children.
Low birth weight children receive vitamin A capsules, which improve the immune system and promote the development of the child.
Infants from 6 to 11 months are provided with one dose of vitamin A (100,000 IU) for the prevention of severe diseases.
Children between 12 months and 5 years of age receive one dose of 200,000 Yuan for 12 months, then a dose of 200,000 Yuan every six months to five years.
An additional dose of vitamin A is given to children who are severely malnourished or suffering from persistent infectious diseases such as diarrhoea, measles or HIV infection.
Deworming
Children &apos; s weight loss can also be caused by worm infection, and it can be treated in a clinic with deworming drugs.
Advise on nutrition in a context-specific manner
Nutritional education, information and nutrition counselling are provided at all levels of health care to persons suffering from strokes who have hypertension, high blood pressure, diabetes, HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis.
Primary school feeding programme
The primary school feeding programme is implemented in specially defined sub-economic schools.
These programmes are currently being implemented jointly with the Ministry of Education.
The provincial government plans to include 125,000 children in 847 primary schools of the province in its school feeding programme by 2004.
Food in institutions
The INP also contributes to institutional services to clients through food service systems to ensure balanced nutrition.
Instructions:
For the first time, visitors to a clinic/support or tertiary hospital will be asked to fill out a form and the patient will be asked to open a folder.
Bring the papers.
Visiting the hospital will require a letter of referral to the clinic.
Hospitals are asking you for the latest salary/income estimate (IRP5).
Bring your hospital card if she was previously registered to the hospital.
Address by Mr. Ntopile Kghanyago, Deputy Minister of Public Works, Member of Parliament, on the occasion of the first public launch of the Tshwane Inner programme, South African Reserve Bank Building, Tshwane
Other high-level government officials
Ladies and gentlemen, representatives of the media
Dear guests
The decision taken by the Cabinet in 1997 to encourage national government agencies to make the inner city of Tshwane their permanent home was a demonstration of a great vision; then and now.
The result is a well-designed plan linking the rejuvenation of our cities with the Government &apos; s call for urban renewal and other spatial development initiatives aimed at promoting the principles of human rights-compliant urban governance, hospitality, economic development and social cohesion.
Today, as we throw the first stone into the realization of this vision, we are also celebrating the path that we have come so far.
Intensive consultations, often characterized by equally intense discussions about the needs and options that government agencies can use with regard to their physical environment, have not prevented us all from abandoning our main objectives, namely, to improve the physical working environment of government departments in the inner town of Tshwan.
At the same time, we need to contribute at the same time to the renewal and rejuvenation of the inner city.
Other goals, no less important, include seeking to attract private sector investment, shaping Tshwane as an important capital city in Africa and promoting economic empowerment of the black population.
The Government is the largest owner of property and one of the leading investors in the economic life of local authorities, especially in Johannesburg and Tshwan-Metro in Gautengue.
Departments need functional as well as office space to fulfil their responsibilities to deliver public services in fulfilment of their mandates.
It is well known that most government buildings are &quot; good &quot; and &quot; fair &quot; rather than &quot; excellent &quot; in terms of their condition.
Repairs, improvements and renovations will increase capital costs and contribute to the participation of Tshwan Inner City in the BEI component of the project.
Every year, the national Government spends more than $2 billion per year through the Ministry of Public Works. (Thousands of United States dollars) In the case of rents and other related property management tariffs, such as rates and services, throughout the country, the beneficiaries are both the private sector and local authorities.
It is the same stakeholders that are expected to guide the recovery of the inner town of Tshwane, possibly with the participation of the Gauteng provincial government in their major investment projects supported by the Gautenga Economic Development Agency (HEDA).
The Tshwane Inner City programme, known as Re Kgabisa Tshwane, focuses on the population (both civil servants and the public), as well as the physical areas in which they live in the provision and delivery of basic public services.
In announcing the 2004 Government Action Programme, the President, Mr. Thabo Mbeki, called on the national public works departments, as well as the public service and administration, to jointly lead a project to improve the physical working environment of government departments and public servants.
Public physical infrastructure is the engine of service delivery, and public officials are the fuel that drives the engine and makes it faster, more efficient and more efficient.
During the needs assessment phase of the project, many government officials consulted stressed the importance of having excellent jobs that meet their requirements, including both internal and external conditions, and therefore the need for a partnership with the Tshwane metro, which is responsible for most aspects of urban governance, such as movement, purity, safety, security and aesthetics.
Let me take this opportunity to thank the leadership and leadership of Tshwane for their vision of the project by aligning it with their own integrated development plans.
Indeed, the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), which we will conclude for a short time today between the National Department of Public Works and the city of Tshwane, is proof that we have found a common ground for departure.
It is a statement of intention to cooperate on initiatives and projects mutually beneficial to both sides.
Today we address you with a message that "work has begun" and that over the next 10 years, national Governments and the private sector will inject more than $8 billion into the global economy. (Thousands of United States dollars) In addition, the Government of the Republic of Moldova has made a number of efforts to improve the quality of housing (i.e., through capital budgets, improved rental housing and public-private partnerships).
With regard to programme management, a Steering Committee had been established between the Department of Public Service and Administration, the Department of Public Works, the National Treasury and the city of Tshwane.
In particular, the Committee will support the programme, oversee and monitor its implementation, refine the funding strategy and ensure coordinated implementation.
The Department appointed Mr. Doumisani Dlamini as Deputy Director-General responsible for the management of the entire programme.
Thank you.
Ms. Speaker, Honourable Prime Minister, Cabinet colleagues, members of the House of Representatives, honoured guests, officials of the Housing Department, representatives of the media and the general public was a warm welcome.
These words, ladies and gentlemen, reflect on South African politics, especially in the Western Cape.
Regardless of how dedicated and progressive people in the country are, the challenge for some people is always to make the remarkable work done by this caring Government as quickly as possible cliché.
Ladies and gentlemen, a lot of people have been arguing about housing, but let me give you another theory.
For me, housing isn't just an orphanage.
It is about taking responsibility for the preservation of their common environment and for shaping their future.
It is about creating viable communities and sustainable living conditions.
It is about building unity through partnerships between the private sector, the public sector and non-governmental organizations, but most importantly, communities.
The best way for me to describe housing is to describe a process that involves planning with people, not planning for people.
Housing in South Africa is not only a product, but also a process based on the democratic values for which the people of South Africa have been so steadfast in their struggle.
It is a process that listens to people and allows people to exercise their democratic right to choose the type of housing and the areas in which they want to build their homes.
Therefore, there is nothing as inhuman and undemocratic as depriving people of their fundamental right to choose.
Unlike the apartheid regime, as a social activist, people are at the centre of my vision and housing strategy.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm glad I'm presenting my second budget speech to you this afternoon as the Provincial Minister of Housing.
I am also proud to present this budget speech on the eve of the tenth anniversary of our democracy.
There is concrete evidence that the ANC-led Government has achieved much more in less than a decade of its democratic rule than any other country in the world.
Cisebenzile, we've succeeded.
Specifically, of the 1.4 million housing opportunities provided by the Government, I am proud to state that our province has provided 167,000 housing units over the past nine years, representing 11 per cent of the national cake.
In my opinion, it's a great job at any standard.
I would also like to point out that the past year has been full of problems that have had a negative impact on the provision of housing in the country as a whole, but in the province in particular.
These problems arose from the introduction of new policies and policy mechanisms, such as the contribution of beneficiaries of R2,479 and the introduction of the National Guarantee System of the Housing Council for Government-subsidized housing.
These measures are not aimed at slowing supply but at ensuring that our people receive affordable housing.
However, training in the implementation of this policy has slowed down.
Worse still, my department worked without a CEO for nine months.
This progress has slowed down significantly.
Since then, I have appointed one of them, Mr. Seth Maquetuka, born and raised by Cape Tonyan, with national and local experience in governance, whom I would like to congratulate and welcome, even though I have done so many times.
Despite all these problems and difficulties, I am proud to announce to our people that my department has managed to spend 348 million dollars on the project. This represents 92 per cent of the total housing expenditure for the Western Cape.
Some provinces barely spent 52% of their budget.
As a result, some 25,000 housing subsidies have been approved.
More and more poor families will be able to enjoy the fruits of our democracy.
These ladies and gentlemen represent a significant increase of 3,000 over the previous year.
In this regard, I would like to highlight the important role played by municipalities in our province.
Without their commitment and impeccable work, we would not have been able to spend money.
In the same vein, I would like to congratulate Cape Town on spending about 70 per cent of our budget.
I also remember my officials for their hard work and contributions to our vision of housing in the country.
Ladies and gentlemen, I wouldn't be honest with the demands of my conscience if I only gave a happy picture of the delivery process.
There are still gaps in the implementation of our activities.
To that end, we still need to improve the following urgent areas:
Most of our homes have not yet met the requirements of moving from quantitative to qualitative housing.
We still need to change the provision of housing from housing to sustainable human settlements.
We must transform the participation of the passive beneficiaries into active ones.
We need to change our people &apos; s minds so that they can begin to view State-subsidized homes as assets rather than as products.
POLITICAL WORK SECTOR
It was a great relief for the mother and child when the 16-day James Buscakwe was reunited with his biological mother on April 7, 2006.
This trial began when James' child's mother arrived at the Clarexdorf Hospital on 6 April to visit her son, and the nurses realized that the child had been handed over to another woman who claimed to be the child's biological mother the day before.
Immediately after the discovery, the nurses reported to the Kanan police station, as the woman who gathered James refused the address in Kanan.
The address was checked but unsuccessfully.
No woman &apos; s name or description was known at this address.
On the evening of 6 April, PLS Kanana held a meeting.
The Commissioner informed the meeting of the abducted child and asked everyone to keep their eyes and ears open.
At about 11.00 p.m. At 1100 hours on the same night, a member of the community called the police to inform them that a woman living in his sector, who was known not to have been pregnant, had suddenly given birth to a boy with her.
The police verified this information and found a woman and a child.
Hospital staff were summoned and immediately identified the child, as well as the woman who abducted him from the hospital.
Various evidence was found in the suspect &apos; s house, including a plastic bracelet from the hospital.
The woman was arrested and the unharmed child was taken to the hospital, where he was reunited with his real mother the following morning.
The actions of community members involved in the detection of the child were welcome, as they emphasized the value of community policing.
The value of sector policing, carried out and supported correctly, should never be underestimated.
Keep up the good work, S.L.P. Canana!
Dear madam.
I guess it was lucky, or maybe lucky I had to walk past your police station in Mondor, and that's why I got into your SAPS magazine.
I guess it's published once a month, and I found it very interesting reading.
My wife and I have just started a new business and we'd like to invite all or any of your employees when they're in our neighborhood to come in for a free cup of coffee or tea, and hopefully we'll have a cookie or two for them.
I'm sure you'll understand that starting a new business is not easy and requires a lot of work and capital.
However, we continue to believe that the police and all other law enforcement agencies are very important to all South African citizens.
We would like to invite you all to thank you for your sacrifice so that we citizens can continue our daily lives.
We look forward to hearing, or even better, that some of your uniform workers will look into our little store and get to know them better.
Thank you again, South African law enforcement officials, for all your hard work and dedication in ensuring South Africa's security.
Short, fact-based letters may be sent by facsimile or e-mail to the editor.
We reserve the right to edit or reduce letters.
APPLICABILITY TO ACTION
On 14 June 2007, an article entitled &quot; SAPS Journal Online &quot; (www.sapsjournalon-line.gov.za) stated that two police officers of the Velcom Vehicle Identification Section had been arrested for corruption and fraud.
The two officers, one of the supervisors and one inspector, reportedly sold vehicles that had been returned by the police for their own benefit.
Both suspects were brought to trial on 12 June and their case was postponed until 21 August 2007.
A day later, on 15 June 2007, News24 announced: "Two cops for armed robbery".
This time it was a student constable and an inspector who reportedly detained a clothing store in Marble Hall, stealing money, pants and a shirt.
Police corruption must end.
While most of us are honest and hardworking citizens, some police officers are not respectful of themselves, their uniforms or the Police Code of Conduct.
The time has come to eliminate all these negative elements once and for all.
And now you can help get rid of corrupt cops by exposing them on a new criminal line.
Anonymous!
If you suspect that one of your colleagues isn't up to anything, or if you know someone else, then police officers, family members, colleagues, neighbors or strangers who are involved in or planning to engage in criminal activities, all you have to do is send a text message to 32211.
This is the new national crime line number that Primedia recently launched in Sandton.
You can either send SMS to 32211 (at the price of R1 each) or go to www.crime-line.co.za.
Trained data invaders are waiting to pass this information on to the police, who will act immediately!
The best thing is, you're gonna be anonymous.
Now you have the power to help fight crime without putting yourself in danger.
The Primedia Initiative promises not to return.
Yusuf Abramji, coordinator of the crime project, said: "We do not need your name or address unless you give it to us voluntarily and there is no need for any statement or court hearing.
All we need is information about criminals so the police can take action."
This new multimillion-dollar national campaign against crime was launched by Primedia in Sandton on 7 June 2007.
It is based on the international system Crime Stoppers International.
In September 1976, an anti-crime campaign was launched in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
It is a partnership between society, the media and law enforcement agencies and is designed to combat crime and ensure the safety of the inhabitants.
Today, there are some 1,200 anti-crime programmes in 20 countries around the world that use the information provided by the community to facilitate the detection of crime.
According to the director of Primia Ltd, Mr. William Kirsch, these programs helped arrest 600,000 criminals!
All police officers should be aware of this new campaign against crime, which enjoys the full support of the Minister of Safety and Security, Mr. Charles Nqakula, and the National Commissioner of SAPS, Commissioner Jackie Selebi.
Commissioner Selebi promised that "as an organization, we will do everything in our power to make this project work."
The question is, what are you gonna do about it?
Everyone needs full support, not only to react immediately, if you get information from the crime center, but also to sell this initiative where you can.
Tell people, TPL, schools, your family and friends about this initiative.
Ensure that they understand that the campaign does not promise returns, that they will remain anonymous, no matter what.
And remember, this isn't an emergency line.
People should continue to report emergencies to 10111 or to the nearest police stations.
As part of the anti-crime campaign, the media had extended a hand to the police.
They want to help us make South Africa a safer place for all.
During the launch of the crime initiative, John Robbie, the host of the morning show "Talk Radio 702," handed over the SAPS 65 personal cars.
Mr. Robbie recently called on the audience to commit themselves to these means of identification.
A car dealer, Face Technology, also came aboard, reducing the price of cars to the cost, allowing companies that initially promised enough money for one car to buy two cars.
The premiere and John Robbie aren't the only ones who really help the police fight crime.
Read any of the successful stories in the SAPS magazine or in the SAPS online magazine, and you'll see how things have been handled with the help of members of the community.
With this new anti-crime campaign, criminals, including those few corrupts who are in the service, can know exactly one... their days are numbered.
Accreditation of ETQA service provider
South African Government Services
Application for accreditation as a supplier of education and training
Description
The rules applicable to the quality assurance bodies of the South African Qualification Authority (SAUC) require that persons providing education and training apply for accreditation to the FTC.
In order to be accredited, persons providing education and training must be registered in accordance with applicable law.
Under the legislation on higher education and further education, all providers of education and vocational training offering full qualifications must be registered with the Ministry of Education.
The provider of education and training services should propose common standards and/or qualifications that fall within the main priority area of the Education and Training Quality Assurance Authority (ETCO) of the Sectoral Education and Training Authority (SETA) or the Training Authority.
Accreditation requirements:
* The accreditation requirements are contained in the document entitled &quot; Criteria and guidelines for suppliers &quot; and are available on the SACA website.
Programmes (and/or evaluations) offered by the provider of education and training services include standards and/or qualifications registered in the National Qualification Scheme (NCS).
:: The training programme (engineering, content and training materials) is aligned with the standards and/or qualifications of the units.
* There are sufficiently qualified staff (intermediators and registered assessors).
:: Students have access to adequate educational support services.
* The evaluation methods and tools used to measure the requirements of the standard and/or the qualifications of the unit are fair, reasonable and reliable and are used to improve the effectiveness of training.
The way forward
:: Send a letter of intent to be accredited as an education and training provider to the relevant ETSA.
Provide the ETCL with the self-assessment and declaration form.
If you are not granted accreditation and you consider that the process was unfair, you are entitled to appeal.
* ETQA list and contact information are available on the SAQA website.
It could take up to six months.
The services are free of charge.
Form to be filled-in
Requests for accreditation of the supplier and related documentation may be obtained from the relevant FTC.
Contact information – Choose one option:

