South African Social Security Agency
Client service charter
Welcome to our client code.
We want you, our client, to judge us in accordance with the standards of service set out in this charter.
We will treat you with respect and will do you a good service in accordance with the principles of BATHO PELE.
As part of our responsibility, we promise to provide the world service and to provide you with accurate information, advice and assistance for all our services.
Purpose of the Charter
The charter describes the level of service you can expect from the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA).
SASASA is a continuation of the government office providing social subsidies to South African citizens.
We promise.
Effective and cost-effective management of quality social security services using best practices
What can you expect from us?
Promotion and protection of human dignity, confidentiality, integrity, fairness, transparency and justice.
Within the framework of the South African Social Security Agency, we will be
Give you information and advice on all the grants you can apply for.
Send you to other institutions that can take care of your needs.
Assists in filling out/filling our forms and applying for a grant.
Keep the information you're giving us secret.
The Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, the laws governing the public service and the code of conduct for the public service are always supported.
To serve you in the language of your choice.
Cooperate with the people we serve and other stakeholders.
Seek continuous service improvements to meet your expectations.
Contact us.
When you contact us personally or by telephone, e-mail or e-mail, the following will happen:
The client service agent you contacted identifies himself.
With regard to telephone and personal investigations, we will immediately resolve your issues.
If we can't resolve them immediately, we'll give the grounds and tell the client when we can expect an answer.
We'll give you a reference number so you can continue your investigation.
We'll confirm receipt of any message you send, and we'll investigate within seven working days.
If we can't answer you completely within seven days, we'll tell you why and when you can expect an answer.
We'll try to resolve your issue in 21 working days.
If you contact us by telephone, we will try to respond to your call in the official language of your choice as soon as possible.
We will inform you in writing of every decision concerning your gift.
In SARSA offices
Our assistants will help you immediately when you arrive in one of our offices.
All our offices are open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday, 7 November 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. Monday to Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday, 7 November 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. There will be a meeting of the Group of 77 on Friday, 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. on Friday.
You will have access to the following data in our offices and pay points:
Confidentiality
Suitable waiting area
Toilet facilities
Medical care if you inform us in advance of this need
We'll come to you if, for medical reasons, you can't come to our office.
You can call us and we'll arrange a home visit.
Consideration of application for social benefit
We'll start processing your application the same day.
We need to make sure you have a legal right to a grant.
We set targets for ourselves to handle your application and pay you a grant within 90 days.
We will inform you of your right to appeal in case of refusal, suspension and revocation.
Decision-making
If we decide on your grant application, and you think it's wrong, or if you want more information about the decision, you can do the following:
Ask us to explain this decision in more detail, and we will comply with your request.
You can appeal our decision only within 30 days of the date indicated in the decision letter.
You can access your file to obtain any necessary information.
Your responsibility will be that
Provide us with:
Your proper e-mail and e-mail address.
Changes in your personal circumstances, such as income, address, state of health, etc.
Honest, correct, accurate and complete information or explanations at any time. 
A timely response to all our correspondence, including the analysis of any other information you need.
Displeased with our services?
If you're not happy with our services, because:
We spent too much time processing your grant and/or you didn't get it on time.
The behaviour of our official was undesirable.
Our employees made a mistake or gave you the wrong advice.
Any intentional/unintentional error on our part
Inform us of this, and we will immediately correct any mistake we have made.
If you want to file a complaint, please write to us or call us and ask that you be referred to our client service unit.
We'll discuss our services with you.
We're interested in your opinion of our services.
We'll use the information you're giving us to improve our services.
Please send us feedback in accordance with any of the following methods:
Call our free phone number 0800 601 011. 
Fill out a client comment card available in all our offices and glasses.
Visit our website at www.sassa.gov.za.
Visit any of our contact points.
 (Regional, local service points and remuneration)
Give me the paperwork in any of our offices.
Questions or comments on the present charter
If you need any further information on this charter, contact any of our offices.
You can get this record on Braille, audio cassette, or CD if you ask.
The Charter will enter into force on 01/04/2007 and will be reviewed annually to take into account your comments.
Statistics South Africa - News
Internal statistics: As democracy deepens, the need for statistics will increase
This article was originally published on 5 August 2004 in the &quot; Business Report &quot;.
Last week, I attended a meeting of the Regional Advisory Council of the East African Statistical Training Centre in Tanzania, where I was able to attend the thirty-ninth annual graduation ceremony, which was attended by five members of the Statistical Council.
Training South African Statistical Service staff is an organizational task.
Shortly after I was appointed by the General Statistician, Statistics SA, in collaboration with the Statistical Council, began an urgent search for institutions offering relevant training in official data.
We have identified two institutions: the training centre in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and the Institute for Statistics and Applied Economics in Uganda.
The training centre was opened in 1965 by the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa, the East African Common Services Organization and the United Nations Development Programme.
By 1977, the Tanzanian Government had taken over the centre and increased the number of African countries serviced by the Centre to 13.
The Institute in Uganda was established in 1969 in the legal system of the University of McCerere.
The stated objective was to provide high-level training in statistics and applied economics.
For the past three years, Statistics SA has been sending staff to these institutions.
The first group graduated from school last year.
Since their return, they have shown tremendous improvement in performance, and some of them are currently in leadership positions.
However, Statistics SA faces new challenges.
The need for statistical information for decision-making at all three government levels is increasing dramatically.
People, especially those trained in the collection and use of statistical information at the municipal level, are vitally important.
To meet this need, we will need to train our people at least 2,000 people a year.
The Tanzania Training Centre and the Uganda Institute of Statistics and Applied Economics are in no way able to meet such a high demand.
At the opening of the South African Statistical Association conference last year, Finance Minister Trevor Manuel asked South African universities to draw attention to the lack of statistical skills to help the Government make informed decisions based on accurate statistical information.
SA Statistics has initiated discussions with universities on the provision of such training.
However, at this stage, no South African university is organizing courses on official statistics.
The SA Statistics Office plans to establish a statistical training centre in the near future, which will provide training in official statistics for both internal and other departments.
The introduction of a system of national statistics will require the establishment of statistical units in various government departments, which will result in an even greater demand for statistical training.
However, statistical capacity development affects the Government &apos; s needs for accurate information.
Statistics touch the heart of democracy.
In the early 20th century, HG Wells said that in the future statistics would become as important to citizens as the ability to read and write.
State statistics are a recent cultural achievement that has been achieved with the advent of democracy.
In the African context, where democracy is a more recent phenomenon, the demand for public statistics will increase markedly as democracy deepens.
Statisticians are the guarantors of democratic principles of transparency in measurement and access and hence accountability. 
This is at stake in efforts to increase statistical capacity and develop the institutions necessary for the large-scale and rapid expansion of official data production.
Pali Lehola is the General Statistician and Head of Statistics South Africa.
Further information on SA statistics and their results can be obtained from www.statssa.gov.za or by telephone (012) 310-8600
16 Days of Activism: Did you know?
Since 1994, the Government had been developing legislation to redress the injustice suffered by women and children.
The Promotion of Equality and Prevention of Unfair Discrimination Act 2000 was enacted to ensure that everyone enjoyed his or her constitutional rights.
This law ensures equal rights and freedoms for women to redress the injustices of the past. 
The Employment Equality Act 1998 reduces discrimination in the labour market in services, occupations and income arising from apartheid laws.
This contributes to the equitable representation of women and other historically disadvantaged persons at all levels of the public and private sectors.
The Maintenance Act 1998 guarantees the right of the child to a standard of living adequate for physical, mental, spiritual and social development.
The law ensures that child support is collected from parents or other persons who are financially responsible for the child.
The Domestic Violence Act 1998 was enacted to provide victims with maximum protection against domestic violence.
Currently, women who were victims of domestic violence had access to remedies that protected them.
The Children &apos; s Act 2005 and the Children &apos; s Amendment Act 2007 were enacted, inter alia, to protect the child from ill-treatment, neglect, abuse or humiliation. 
The Government has implemented and supported many activities aimed at protecting the human dignity of women and children.
The Charter on Children &apos; s Rights is currently being revised and updated to include new issues, such as the use of children as objects of pornography and the introduction of pornographic materials to children.
The Government was responding to the issue of forced marriages of children with adults under the cover of traditional practices called Ukutwala.
The Government was committed to ensuring that traditional and other practices were consistent with the Constitution and applicable legislation.
A process is under way to re-establish specialized police units dealing with domestic and sexual violence and other crimes against women and children. 
The establishment of specialized units would mobilize the expertise needed to improve the management and prosecution of crimes against women and children.
There are currently 17 Tutuzela support centres throughout the country in communities where sexual violence is widespread.
These centres provide health and welfare services and establish mechanisms for effective reporting and prosecution of offences in decent and caring conditions of qualified professionals.
Funds derived from the recovery of criminal assets were used to finance 19 victim empowerment projects.
A Manual on Services for Victims of Violence and Crime has been developed, containing services provided by more than 1,500 public and community organizations in all provinces.
The manual enables people to benefit from the services available in their field.
In police stations with high crime rates, conditions favourable to victims had been created.
Special courts for sexual offences have been established.
The Domestic Violence Act provides for the establishment of shelters.
There are currently 96 shelters in South Africa, compared with 39 in 2001.
The rights enshrined in the Victims &apos; Charter are exercised for victims of crime who become parties to the criminal justice system.
The Charter includes the Minimum Standards for Services for Victims of Crime, which provide a legal framework for victims to assert their rights to the expected services of the criminal law system.
Since the implementation of the Victims &apos; Charter, the number of days required to complete a case before the Sexual Offences Courts has decreased from 285 to 142. 
The Charter also requires the Government of South Africa to comply with its international obligations under the United Nations (UN) Declaration on Basic Principles of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power.
International cooperation in combating violence against women and children.
South Africa submitted its report to the UN CEDAW Committee on the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
South Africa presented a ministerial meeting of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) on 9 October to finalize the ten-year regional strategic plan of action to combat trafficking in persons, especially women and children.
The SAOG Protocol on Gender and Development states that SAG member countries should adopt legislation to combat sexual harassment by 2015.
South Africa presented the Regional Conference on Gender Justice (9-10 November), which brought together African representatives to share experiences and best practices in addressing sexual and gender-based violence.
Don't turn around, do something against abuse.
Statement of confidentiality
The Ministry of Housing is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technologies that provide you with the most powerful and safe online experience.
This statement of confidentiality applies to the website of the Ministry of Housing and regulates the collection and use of data.
Using the website of the Ministry of Housing, you agree with the practice of collecting the data described in this statement.
Collection of personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects personal identification information such as e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
The Ministry of Housing also collects anonymous demographic information that is not unique to you, e.g. ZIP code, age, sex, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer and software that is automatically collected by the Ministry of Housing.
This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and website addresses.
This information is used by the Ministry of Housing to manage services, maintain public health and produce general statistics on the use of the website of the Ministry of Housing.
Please note that if you disclose personal identifying information or personal confidential data directly through the bulletin boards of the Ministry of Housing, this information may be collected and used by others.
Note: The Ministry of Housing does not read any of your private online messages.
The Ministry of Housing encourages you to study the confidentiality applications you want to contact from the Ministry of Housing so that you can understand how these sites collect, use and exchange your information.
The Ministry of Housing is not responsible for claims of privacy or other material outside the Ministry of Housing and Family websites of the Ministry of Housing.
Use of personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects your personal information and uses it to maintain the website of the Ministry of Housing and Services that you requested.
The Ministry of Housing also uses your personal identifying information to inform you of other products or services available to the Ministry of Housing and its affiliates.
The Ministry of Housing could also contact you through surveys to examine your views on current services or on potential new services that may be offered.
The Ministry of Housing does not sell or rent its client lists to third parties.
The Ministry of Housing may contact you periodically on behalf of external business partners on a specific proposal that may interest you.
In these cases, your unique personal identification information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) will not be provided to a third party.
In addition, the Ministry of Housing can exchange data with trusted partners to help us with statistical analysis, e-mail or land mail, client service or supply.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information, except for the provision of these services to the Housing Department, and they must maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Ministry of Housing does not use confidential personal information, such as race, religion or political affiliation, nor does it disclose it without your express permission.
The Ministry of Housing monitors the websites and web browsers that visit our clients at the Ministry of Housing to determine which services of the Ministry of Housing are the most popular.
These data are used to provide individualized content and marketing in the Ministry of Housing for clients whose behaviour indicates that they have an interest in a particular area.
The websites of the Ministry of Housing will disclose your personal information without notice only if required by law or if they are convinced that such action is necessary: (a) to comply with the provisions of the law or to comply with legal instruments that have been transmitted to the Department of Housing or the website; (b) to protect and protect property rights of the Ministry of Housing; and (c) to take urgent measures to protect the personal safety of housing users or the public.
Use of cookies
The website of the Ministry of Housing is using nicks to help you shape your online experience.
Cookies are a text file placed on a hard drive by a server on the site.
Cookies can't be used to run programs or post viruses on your computer.
The cookies are exclusively for you and can only be read on the web server in the domain that gave you the cookies.
One of the main objectives of the cookie is to make it convenient to save time.
The purpose of the cookie is to inform your web server that you're back on a specific page.
For example, if you complete the pages of the Ministry of Housing or register on the website or in the service of the Ministry of Housing, the cookies will help you to remember your specific information during a future visit.
It facilitates the recording of your personal information, such as accounts, forwarding addresses, etc.
When you return to the same website of the Ministry of Housing, the information you have previously provided can be remembered so that you can easily use the modifications of the Ministry of Housing.
You have the ability to accept or reject cookies.
Most web browsers take cookies automatically, but usually you can change the browser settings to reject cookies if you want.
If you decide to give up the cookies, you may not be fully familiar with the interactive functions of the Housing Department or the sites you visit.
Security of your personal information
The Ministry of Housing protects your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
The Ministry of Housing guarantees the personal identification information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, safe environment protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When personal information (e.g. credit card number) is sent to other websites, it is protected by code, e.g. Security Socket Slow (SSL) protocol.
Modifications to the present statement 
The Ministry of Housing will update this statement of confidentiality from time to time to reflect feedback from companies and clients.
The Ministry of Housing encourages you to review this application periodically in order to obtain information on how the Ministry of Housing protects your information. 
Contact information
The Ministry of Housing welcomes your comments on this statement of privacy.
If you find the Ministry of Housing to be in non-compliance with this declaration, contact the Ministry of Housing at: webmaster@kznhousing.gov.za
We will make a commercially reasonable effort to identify and resolve this problem without delay.
Prime Minister Abraham Rasuls Address at the matrix celebration ceremony
We are gathered here today to congratulate our best certificates.
We'll tell them, "Okay! We are proud of you, the province and the country, your parents are proud of you, and above all, you should be proud of yourself.
The reason why we speak of pride at such a moment is that we recognize that the moment of achievement is the result of a longer period of difficulty and sacrifice, which today represents a time of clarity on circumstances that might be described as complex.
The Matrix is complicated.
Over the past 10 years, we have had to divert the entire educational system from its apartheid orientation.
For the most part, we have succeeded in terms of greater integration, a single curriculum and examinations, a larger number of those who write certificates and take exams, and the realization that education serves more than just individual needs – the whole economy depends on the set of skills provided by the education system.
The matrix is really complicated.
Our leaders gathered here in Leuvenhof are undoubtedly the best we have, those who have achieved better results and those who deserve every praise from this province.
But we also think of 71% of the population over the age of 20 who have not completed secondary education, almost half of the 80,000 who started the first grade 12 years ago, who didn't even record their exams in 2004, because they dropped out of school on the way, and many who wrote, but because of the choice of subject and degree, do not have a maturity certificate that can be accepted by the economy or higher education.
The matrix is getting even harder because you're our window.
The people judge our future by your achievements.
They build their optimism on your well-being.
They are building their hope for the future in our investment in the education system, leading to this moment of celebration.
And yes, most of the national and provincial budget goes to education.
This year alone, in order to maintain the services of 2,000 teachers, we had to redirect money from other provincial posts to education.
We must increase our investment in poorer schools so that the quality of education can be felt by an increasing number of people by building confidence in the future in every village school.
The most important thing, Minister Dagmore and Superintendent General Schwartz, is that we have one chance to come up with a human resources strategy to justify all this investment.
We must produce certificates with strong values, excellent results relevant to the economy, loyal to its society and beneficial to humanity.
That's what we're celebrating here today.
You represent this hope while we build our house for everyone.
We celebrate your achievements because you made sacrifices and worked hard, your parents made sacrifices and kept you in school, and your society made sacrifices and invested in your future.
Many doubt how valuable it is to celebrate achievements in higher education because of its complexity and the fact that it can still reflect the remnants of apartheid.
Only you can overcome this by actively and consciously committed to building a house for all, non-racial and more equal.
That should be reflected in all the decisions you're making now.
So far, you've had to choose how much you wanted to work.
Your matriculation certificate allows you to make decisions and make decisions about what kind of person you want to be and what kind of life you want to lead.
Congratulations and best wishes.
The Government Communications Project Management Mission for 2010 should:
Promote the achievement of strategic communication goals for the first African Football World Cup
Make maximum use of this unique event to express and strengthen unity and pride among South Africans
to inspire our youth
Let's play our country into peace.
Create a communications climate that can leverage this opportunity to accelerate development and empower
Build African solidarity.
This will be done by:
:: Governance and coordination of Government communication activities for the 2010 World Cup
:: Formation of a national partnership of public and private communicators in various disciplines, as well as collaboration with advocates on the continent and in the diaspora, so that the country and continent can take advantage of this opportunity to communicate throughout their lives; 
Implementation of key public communications projects for the 2010 World Cup.
National traffic regulations as amended to improve road safety
POLOCKWAN: The national traffic regulations have been amended.
It was referred to as the Seventeenth Amendment and entered into force after publication.
The Department of Roads and Transport informs motorists of these amendments, namely:
New motor vehicles registered after 1 August 2010 shall have registration plates attached to the sticks or screws.
If it cannot be attached to the vehicle, it shall be secured to a SANS 973 clamp.
This amendment will reduce crime and the number of traffic violations committed by motorists who easily remove registration plates in order to avoid detection.
Once the crime has been committed, it will be difficult to remove and replace the licence plate, as it will always involve additional costs.
The license plate is made of aluminium, which makes it difficult to burn at the scene of the accident.
As from 1 February 2011, persons who have obtained a driver &apos; s licence for code C, C1 or EC1 are not allowed to drive a motor vehicle requiring a licence for code B or EB (under the old permit, a person who has a licence for code 10, 11, 13 or 14 may not drive a vehicle for which a licence for code 08 is required).
This applies to new licensees.
Many learner drivers apply for heavy-duty driving permits instead of light vehicles to avoid, for example, parallel parking tests.
The reality is that when they obtain heavy vehicle licences, they drive cars with controls they are not familiar with and then become victims of accidents.
It is assumed that all drivers who have obtained a driver &apos; s licence for heavy-duty vehicles must have a professional driver &apos; s licence, but statistics indicate something else.
It confirms that the applicants were to be issued a driving licence for light vehicles rather than for heavy vehicles.
The directional stability control devices for minibuses and medium-level minibuses shall be activated as part of the certification process, which is part of the roadworthiness test.
This applies to all mini-buses and minibuses, not just new vehicles.
The registered vehicle owner or trustee shall submit a correctly filled-in DSCD form to the testing station.
The directional stability control device is a device that prevents the tyre from being separated from the cap when the tyre is broken while the vehicle is in motion.
An amendment to Regulation 332 has been published, listing evidence that can be used to collect breath samples and the certificate issued by the manufacturer or supplier can be used as evidence in cases by simply presenting it.
This amendment seeks to address the legality of the use of breathing apparatus in accordance with article 65, paragraph 7, of the 1996 National Road Traffic Act and is in line with the provisions of the 1793 ABS and can be used to determine the concentration of alcohol in breathing.
The equipment required is as follows:
▪ This is a more appropriate time for this holiday season, as it gives added impetus to our efforts to combat drunk driving on our roads, " states MEC Roads and Transport, Pinky Kecana.
Prenatal care (prenatal)
Pregnant girls and women are referred to maternity or obstetric services in urban areas, as well as to satellite or permanent clinics in rural areas.
The MOU is a maternity home run by midwives in the community for patients who benefit from basic health care.
It is recommended that expectant mothers order their first visit to the clinic no later than 20 weeks or as soon as possible thereafter.
The mother receives a full initial assessment and consultation when she comes to her first antenatal visit, also known as the visit for discussion.
Pregnancy is monitored through regular follow-up visits.
In addition, the health of the mother is closely monitored.
She'll be weighed, her blood pressure will be measured, and her urine will be tested.
In the absence of complications, she should return two weeks after her first follow-up visit and the results of the tests carried out during the discussion visit.
Thereafter, she has to go to the clinic every six weeks until 28 weeks; then for 34 weeks and thereafter, as indicated by the staff of the clinic/VVE office (the frequency of visits may vary by area).
Pregnant mothers are examined for possible risks to their health and the health of the foetus.
Adolescent girls and pregnant women over 35 years of age are considered particularly dangerous cases.
This means that complications during pregnancy and childbirth are more likely to occur.
Pregnant women may also be regarded as particularly dangerous if they have high blood pressure, a history of genetic disorders or multiple pregnancies, and if they have previously undergone surgery such as a caesarean section.
Mothers diagnosed with an increased risk are referred to outpatient antenatal clinics in secondary or tertiary hospitals, where additional examinations and examinations are carried out.
Mothers with an increased risk of pregnancy are encouraged to attend outpatient antenatal consultations as often as necessary.
If you are on your first trip to a medical facility, you will be asked to fill out the form and the case will be opened.
Bring your passport, any medication you take, and a hospital card, if you've been registered in a hospital before.
Low-risk pregnancies are carried out in VVE (natal units run by midwives in the community to provide primary health care) in urban areas, as well as in satellite or permanent clinics in rural areas.
High-risk pregnancies are performed by outpatient clinics in urban and rural district hospitals and tertiary hospitals.
Integrated nutrition programme
The Integrated Nutrition Programme (IPP) aims to improve nutrition for all residents of Western Cape Province.
The programme has several aspects.
What is malnutrition?
Malnutrition is a serious problem in South Africa and is one of the leading causes of childhood illness and death.
Approximately 30 per cent of South African children are experiencing growth difficulties due to inadequate nutrition in the early years of their lives.
The main direct causes of malnutrition are inadequate food consumption, disease and psychosocial stress/trauma.
Poverty and lack of resources are the main factors contributing to malnutrition.
The INP is trying to combat this silent epidemic in a number of ways.
Children &apos; s Supplements
At the primary health care level, children who are screened and considered to be undernourished (including HIV-positive children and adults with tuberculosis) receive food supplements, including enriched corn flour and high calories.
Supplements are provided in accordance with the criteria established for certain clients.
Health workers also provide counselling, information and education on healthy nutrition and the most healthy cooking methods.
In addition, nutritionists provide specialized services to the population.
Breastfeeding
In order to help combat malnutrition in early childhood, health workers encourage women to give their children only breast milk up to the age of six months and then to continue breastfeeding, as well as to introduce appropriate complementary feeding until the child reaches the age of two.
Other nutritional options will be discussed with HIV-positive mothers.
Under the Vredendal Hospital Initiative and the Grote Shuur Parental Centre, hospitals are child-friendly.
Monitoring growth
All children are regularly weighed in the growth monitoring programme, which is a sensitive indicator of child growth.
Weight shall be recorded on the &quot; Road to Health &quot; card.
The main causes of weight loss are studied, such as communicable diseases, inadequate nutrition at home and neglect of children.
Communicable diseases play an important role in malnutrition and are treated at the primary health care level.
There is a close link between cases of diarrhoea and poor environmental hygiene (sanitary and water) and the malnutrition or malnutrition of the child, making him/her more vulnerable to serious and prolonged diarrhoea. 
Poverty alleviation
Households suffering from poverty are identified and directed to one of the Government &apos; s poverty reduction programmes.
Households. Food security is considered on a cross-sectoral basis and appropriate measures and support are provided.
Vitamin additives
The elimination of micronutrient deficiencies is one of the main elements of services.
Micronutrients are natural substances, such as vitamins and minerals, which are found in small quantities in food and are very important for good health.
The INP provides additional vitamin A to target children.
Vitamin A deficiency children lose weight, do not grow properly and are more likely to receive infection and die from it.
Vitamin A deficiency also damages the eye and is a major cause of blindness among children.
Low birth weight children receive vitamin A capsules that strengthen the immune system and help children grow up.
Children between the ages of 6 and 11 months receive one dose of vitamin A (100,000 IE) to prevent any disease.
Children between 12 months and 5 years of age receive one dose of 200,000 yen for 12 months and then 200,000 yen every six months to five years.
An additional dose of vitamin A is given to children who are severely malnourished or permanently suffering from infectious diseases such as diarrhoea, measles or HIV infection.
Deworming
Children &apos; s weight loss can also be caused by worm infection, and it can be treated with deworming medication at the clinic.
Advise on nutrition in a context-specific manner
Education, information and nutrition counselling are provided at all levels to persons with stroke or hypertension, high blood pressure, diabetes, HIV/AIDS or tuberculosis.
Primary school feeding programme
The primary school feeding programme is implemented in specially defined sub-economic schools.
These programmes are currently managed by the Ministry of Education.
The provincial government plans to reach 125,000 children in 847 primary schools in the province by 2004 through its school feeding project.
Nutrition in children &apos; s institutions
The INP also contributes to institutional services to clients through food service systems to ensure balanced nutrition.
Instructions:
New visitors to the clinic/auxiliary hospital will be asked to fill out the questionnaire and the patient will be asked to open the file.
Take the documents with you.
When you visit a hospital, you need to send a letter of referral to the clinic.
Hospitals will be interested in your latest salary/income assessment (IRP5).
Bring your hospital card if you've been registered to the hospital before.
Address by Mr. Ntopile Kganyago, Deputy Minister of Public Works, L.P., on the first public announcement of the programme of the Tshwane City Centre, South African Reserve Bank Building, Tshwane 
Other high-level government officials
Ladies and gentlemen, representatives of the media
Great guests.
The 1997 Cabinet decision to encourage national government agencies to make the Tshwan City Centre their permanent home is a sign of a great vision, then and now.
The result is a well-designed plan to link the renewal of our cities with the Government &apos; s call for urban renewal and other special development initiatives aimed at promoting a rights-based approach to urban governance that takes into account the enabling environment, economic development and social cohesion.
While we lay the first stone to realize that vision, we are also celebrating the journey that we have made so far.
Intensive consultations, often characterized by equally intense discussions on the needs and options for government departments with regard to their physical environment, did not distract us all from some of the fundamental objectives, namely, improving the physical environment of government departments in the centre of Tshwane 
At the same time, we must contribute to the renewal and rejuvenation of the city centre.
Other goals, no less important, include a campaign to attract private sector investment, the image of Tshwane as an important capital city in Africa and the promotion of economic empowerment of the black population.
The State is the largest owner of property and one of the leading investors in the economic life of the local authorities, especially in Johannesburg and Tshwan metro in Gautengue.
Departments need functional office space to fulfil their public service responsibilities to fulfil their mandates.
It is well known that most government buildings are &quot; good &quot;, not &quot; excellent &quot; when it comes to their condition.
The repairs, improvements and renovations will be carried out primarily as capital expenditures and will contribute to the implementation of the SEB component of the Tshwane City Centre project.
The national Government, through the Ministry of Public Works, spends more than two billion rands (R2 billion) per year on rent and other related property management costs, such as a real estate tax and services throughout the country, benefiting both the private sector and local authorities.
The same stakeholders are expected, without exception, to lead the renovation of the Tshwane city centre, possibly with the participation of the Gautenge provincial government in their important investment projects with the support of the Gautenga Economic Development Agency (GEDA).
The &quot; Tshwane City Centre &quot; programme, further known as Re Kgabisa Tshwane and the subheading &quot; A Better Place to Work &quot;, focuses on the population (both public officials and the public) and physical locations where they come together in the delivery and delivery of vital public services.
With the announcement of the 2004 Government Action Programme, the President, Mr. Thabo Mbeki, called on the national departments of public works and public service and administration to improve the physical working environment of government departments and public officials.
Public physical infrastructure is the engine of service delivery, and public officials are the fuel source that drives the engine and provides it with faster, more efficient and more efficient operation.
At the project needs stage, many government officials consulted stressed the importance of excellent jobs according to their status, which includes both internal and external conditions; and this is why cooperation with the Tshwane metro, which is responsible for most aspects of urban governance, such as movement, purity, safety, security and aesthetics, is necessary.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the leadership and leadership of Tshwane for their vision of the project by aligning it with their own integrated development plans as soon as possible.
The memorandum of understanding between the National Department of Public Works and the city of Tshwane, to which we will enter today, confirms that we have found common ground. 
It is a statement of intention to work together on initiatives and projects for the benefit of both sides.
Today we address you with a message: the work has begun, and over the next 10 years, national governments and the private sector will inject more than eight billion rands (R8 billion) through capital budgets, improved rents and public-private partnerships. 
With regard to programme management, a Management Committee had been established between the Department of Public Service and Administration, the Department of Public Works, the National Treasury and the city of Tshwane.
In particular, the Committee will implement, monitor and monitor the programme, refine the funding strategy and ensure coordinated implementation.
The Department appointed Mr. Doumisani Dlamini as Deputy Director-General responsible for the management of the entire programme.
Thank you.
Ms. Speaker, The Honourable Prime Minister, Cabinet colleagues, members of the House, honoured guests, officials of the Ministry of Housing, representatives of the media and the general public is a welcome.
These words, ladies and gentlemen, refer to South African politics, especially in the West Cap.
Despite the hard work of loyal people in this country who love progress, some people have always tried to criticize the remarkable work done by a caring government in a very short time when it is in power.
Ladies and gentlemen, many argue about what housing really means, but let me give you another interpretation. 
It's not just about the shelter for me.
This is because people themselves assume responsibility for preserving their common environment and for controlling their future.
It is about creating viable communities and sustainable living conditions.
It concerns prosperity in unity through partnerships between the private sector, the public sector and non-governmental organizations, but, most importantly, communities.
For me, housing is best described as a process of planning with people, not planning for these people.
Housing in South Africa is not only a product, but also a process based on the democratic values for which the people of South Africa have been working so hard.
It is a process that listens to people and allows people to exercise their democratic right to choose the type of housing and the areas in which they want to build their homes.
Consequently, nothing is as humiliating or undemocratic as depriving people of their fundamental right to choose.
Since I am a social activist, people are at the centre of my vision and strategy for housing, as opposed to the situation in the apartheid system.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present to you my second budget speech as the Provincial Minister of Housing.
I am also proud to be delivering this speech this evening before the tenth anniversary of our democracy.
There is concrete evidence that the ANC-led Government has achieved more democratic governance in less than 10 years than any other country in the world.
Cisebenzile - We did well.
More specifically, I am proud to announce that, of the 1.4 million housing opportunities provided by the Government, our province has provided 167,000 housing units over the past nine years, representing 11 per cent of the national pie. 
In my opinion, this is an excellent achievement to any extent.
I would also like to place on record that the past year has been filled with problems that have had a negative impact on the delivery of homes in the country as a whole, but in the province in particular.
These problems were caused by the adoption of new policy directives and mechanisms, such as beneficiaries, a contribution of R2,479 and the introduction of the National Guarantee System of the Housing Council for State housing subsidies.
These measures were not aimed at delaying delivery, but at ensuring that our people received quality housing.
However, the learning curves that we experience in implementing this policy delay its implementation.
The situation has deteriorated because my department did not have a chief director for nine months.
This has significantly delayed progress.
Since then, I have appointed one of them, Mr. Seth Maquetuka, who was born and raised in Cape Town and has experience in national and local governance, and I would like to congratulate and welcome him, even though I have already done so.
Despite all these problems and constraints, I am proud to inform you that my department has managed to spend 348 million dollars on the project. In the case of West Cape, the housing subsidy is 92%.
Some provinces have barely spent 25 per cent of their budgets.
As a result, some 25,000 housing subsidies have been approved.
More and more poor families will be able to benefit from our democracy.
This, ladies and gentlemen, represents a significant increase of 3,000 over the previous year.
In this regard, I would like to highlight the important role that municipalities play in our province.
Without their dedication and excellent work, we would not have been able to spend so much money.
In the same vein, I would like to congratulate Cape Town on spending 70 per cent of our budget.
I also cannot forget to thank my staff for their hard work and contribution to our vision of housing for the nation.
Ladies and gentlemen, I wouldn't be faithful to my conscience if I had only painted a coloured picture of the delivery process.
There are still gaps in the implementation of our activities.
That is why we need to improve the situation in the following hard-to-reach areas:
Most of our homes have not yet met the requirements for policy change from quantity to quality.
We still need to change the provision of housing in order not to provide shelter but to build sustainable settlements.
We must move from passive participation to active participation.
We need to change the way our people think so that they can view government-subsidized housing not just as a product, but as a resource.
POLITICAL WORK SECTOR
Both the mother and the child were greatly relieved when, on April 7, 2006, the 16-day James Bussakwe was reunited with his biological mother.
The ordeal began when the mother came to the hospital on 6 April, and the nurses realized that the child had been handed over the previous day to another woman who had said that she was the mother of the child.
The nurses reported to the Kanan police station immediately after the opening, as the woman who took James gave the address in Kanan.
The address was investigated but unsuccessfully.
None of the names or descriptions of the woman were available at this address.
On the evening of 6 April, PLS Kanana held a meeting.
The Commissioner informed the meeting of the abducted child and asked everyone to keep their eyes and ears open.
At around 11 p.m. that night, a member of the community called the police to report that a woman living in his sector who was not pregnant had suddenly given birth to a boy.
The police verified this information and found a woman and a child.
Hospital staff were summoned and immediately identified the child, as well as the woman who abducted him from the hospital.
Several evidence was found in the suspect &apos; s house, including a plastic cuff bandage at the hospital.
The woman was arrested and the unharmed child was taken to the hospital, where he was reunited with his real mother the following morning.
The community &apos; s actions, which had helped to find the child, were commendable, as they demonstrated the value of public order.
The value of sector policing should not be underestimated when it is properly carried out and supported.
Keep up the good work, S.L.P. Canana!
Dear madam.
I guess it was an accident or maybe lucky I had to visit your police station in Mondor, where I saw your SAPS magazine.
I guess it's published once a month, and I found some very interesting reading material.
My wife and I have just started a new business, and we'd like to invite all or any of your employees to pick up a free cup of coffee or tea when they're in our neighborhood, and hopefully we'll have a cookie or two for them, too.
I'm sure you understand that it's not easy to start a new business and that it takes a lot of work and capital.
However, we continue to believe that the police and all other law enforcement units are very important to all South African citizens.
It's just something small that we want to offer you all to thank you for your sacrifice so that we citizens can continue our daily lives. 
We're hoping to hear from you, or even better, to see one of your employees in uniform when they go into our little store and we get to know them better.
Once again, we thank you, South African law enforcement officials, for all your hard work and commitment to security in South Africa.
Short, fact-based letters may be sent to the Editor by fax or e-mail. 
We retain the right to edit or reduce letters.
APPLICABILITY TO ACTION 
On 14 June 2007, an article entitled &quot; SAPS Journal Online &quot; (www.sapsjournalonline.co.za) stated that two police officers from the Velcom Vehicle Identification Unit had been arrested for corruption and fraud.
The two, one of the inspectors and the inspector, reportedly sold vehicles that had been returned by the police for their own benefit.
Both suspects were brought to trial on 12 June and their case was postponed until 21 August 2007.
A day later, on June 15, 2007, News24 announced that two cops had been caught for armed robbery.
This time it was a student constable and an inspector who apparently stole money, pants and a shirt from a clothing store in Marble Hall.
Police corruption must be stopped.
Most of us are honest, hardworking citizens, but some police officers don't respect themselves, their uniform, or the police code of conduct.
The time has come to rid SAPS of all these negative elements once and for all.
And now you can help get rid of corrupt police officers by exposing them on a new criminal line.
Anonymous!
If you suspect that one of your colleagues is planning something, or if you know someone else, be it a police officer, a family member, a colleague, a neighbour or a stranger who is involved in or intends to engage in criminal activity, you just have to send a text message to 32211.
This is the new national crime number Pirdia recently discovered in Sandton.
You can either send SMS to 32211 (at the price of R1 each) or go to www.crime-line.co.za.
Trained data invaders are waiting to pass on information to the police, who will respond immediately!
The best thing is, you're gonna be anonymous.
Now you have the power to help fight crime without putting yourself in danger.
The Pirdia Initiative promises you won't participate.
Yusuf Abramji, coordinator of the crime project, says, "We don't want your name or address unless you're willing to give it to us, and no statement or appearance is required.
All we need is information about the criminals so the police can answer it.
This new national multimillion-dollar campaign against crime was launched by Primedia on 7 June 2007 in Sandton.
It is based on the international system Crime Stoppers International.
In September 1976, anti-crime work began in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
It is a partnership between society, the media and law enforcement agencies aimed at combating crime and ensuring the safety of the inhabitants.
There are currently some 1,200 anti-crime programmes in 20 countries around the world that use community-based information to facilitate crime investigations.
According to the director of Primia Ltd, Mr. William Kirsch, these programs have already helped arrest 600,000 criminals!
Every police officer must be aware of this new campaign against crime, which enjoys the full support of the Minister of Safety and Security, Mr. Charles Nqakula, and the National Commissioner of SAPS, Commissioner Jackie Selebi.
Commissioner Selebi promised that we, as an organization, would do everything in our power to make this project work.
The question is, what are you gonna do about it?
Everyone needs full support, not only to act quickly, if you get information from the crime center, but also to sell this initiative wherever you can.
Tell people, TPL, schools, your family and friends about this initiative.
So that they understand that the campaign promises that they will not be involved, that they will remain anonymous, no matter what happens.
And remember, this isn't an emergency number.
People are still required to report emergencies at 10111 or the nearest police station.
As part of this anti-crime campaign, the media are assisting the police.
They want to help us make South Africa a safer place for all.
At the opening of the criminal line, John Robbie, the morning host of the Talk Radio 70286s, presented SAPS with 65 identification machines.
Mr. Robbie recently called the audience to make a commitment to these devices.
The trader in Face Technology also contributed and lowered the price of the machines to the price, allowing companies that initially promised enough money for one car to buy two.
The premiere and John Robbie are the only ones actively helping the police fight crime.
Read any of the successful stories in "Journal" or "SAPS Journal Online" and you'll see how many cases have been solved with the help of community members.
With this new anti-crime campaign, criminals, including a few corrupt people in the service, can now be sure of one... their days are numbered.
Accreditation of ETQA service provider
South African Government Services
Application for accreditation as a supplier of education and training.
Description
The regulations applicable to the quality assurance bodies for education and training under the South African Qualification Authority (SAUC) require that persons providing education and training apply for accreditation to the ETCA body.
In order to be accredited, persons providing education and training must be registered in accordance with the relevant legislation.
Legislation relating to higher education and further education requires that all providers of education and training offering full qualifications be registered with the Ministry of Education.
The provider of education and training services should propose individual standards and/or qualifications that fall within the main priority area of the Education and Training Quality Assurance Authority (ETCO) of the Sectoral Education and Training Authority (SETA) or professional body.
Accreditation requirements:
* Accreditation requirements are included in the document entitled &quot; Providers &apos; Criteria and Guidelines &quot; and are available on the SACA website.
* The programme (and/or evaluations) provided by the education and training service provider identifies the standards and/or qualifications of the units registered in the National Qualification Scheme (NCS).
:: The training programme (drafting, content and training materials) meets the standards and/or qualifications of the units.
:: Qualified staff (coordinators and registered assessors) are available.
:: Students have access to adequate support services.
* The evaluation methods and tools used to measure the requirements of the standard and/or the qualifications of the unit are fair, reasonable and reliable and are used to encourage learning. 
The way forward
:: Send a letter of intent to be accredited as a provider of education and training to the appropriate ETHA body.
Provide the ETCL body with a self-assessment and declaration form.
If you are not granted accreditation and you consider that the process was unfair, you are entitled to appeal.
* The list of ETHA authorities and contact information are available on the SACA website.
It could take up to six months.
The services are free of charge.
The forms must be filled in.
Requests for accreditation of the supplier and related documentation may be obtained from the relevant body of FTC.
Contact information - Select one option

