South African Social Security Agency
Client service charter
Welcome to our client charter.
We want you, our client, to judge us in accordance with the standards of our service, as stipulated in this charter.
We will treat you with respect and will do you a good service in accordance with the principles of Bato Pele.
As part of our responsibilities, we intend to offer you a high level of service, accurate information, advice and assistance in all our services.
Purpose of the Charter
This charter informs you of the service standard that you can expect from the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA).
SASASA is an expansion of the Government &apos; s service delivery structure, which controls the provision of social subsidies to South African citizens.
We're committed. 
- Provision of accessible high-quality social security services, using best procedures.
What do you expect us to do?
Promotion and protection of human dignity, confidentiality, justice, order, transparency and justice.
Within the framework of the South African Security Agency, we will:
- Provide you with information and advice on all the subsidies for which you can apply;
- Send you to other institutions that can listen to your needs;
Help you fill out the forms and apply for the grant;
To keep the information you give us secret;
- Always apply the principles of the South African Constitution, service laws and the Code of Conduct with regard to the provision of services;
To serve you in a language of your choice;
Work with the people we serve and all our stakeholders; and
Always try to improve our service to meet your expectations.
To contact us.
If you contact us personally, by telephone, mail or e-mail, the following will happen:
The client service representative you will be working with will present it to you.
Personal complaints by telephone will be settled immediately.
If we can't resolve your complaints immediately, we'll give cause and inform the client when he expects an answer.
We'll give you a reference number so you can check your complaint. 
We will acknowledge receipt of any message you send, and we will discuss your complaint within seven working days.
If we can't respond within seven working days, we'll explain why and when you can expect an answer.
We'll try to resolve your complaint in 21 days.
If you call us, we intend to answer you as soon as possible using the official language of your choice. 
We'll talk to you in writing about every decision you make about your gift.
In the SASO offices
If you arrive at one of our offices, our staff will help you quickly.
All our offices are open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday, 7 November 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. Monday to Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday, 7 November 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. There will be a meeting of the Group of 77 on Friday, 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. on Friday.
In our offices and payment points, you will have access to the following:
Confidentiality
Relaxed waiting areas
Restrooms
Medical services, if informed in advance of the need
We'll come to you if you can't come to us for health reasons.
You can call us and we'll arrange a home visit.
Processing of application for social benefit
We'll start considering your application the same day we get it.
We need to confirm that you have a legal right to a grant.
We're eager to clear your application and pay you a grant within 90 days.
We will inform you of your right to appeal in the event of refusal, delay or withdrawal.
Decision-making
If we take a decision on your grant application, and you think it's not accurate, or you need more information about the decision, you can do the following:
Ask us to explain this decision in full, and we will grant your request.
To appeal against the decision only within 30 days from the date of the letter of decision.
Contact your information to find any information you may need.
Your responsibility will be that
To provide us with:
Your exact home and postage address.
Changes in your life, for example, your income, address, medical conditions, etc.
Information or explanations that are true and accurate.
You need to respond promptly to all our letters, including a request for a summary of the other information required from you.
Are you unhappy with our services?
If you're not happy about:
We've been considering your grant application for too long and/or we haven't received your money on time;
- The behaviour of our officer is undesirable;
an error made by a staff member on your application or if he or she gave you incorrect advice; or
Any intentional or unintentional error on our part,
Let us know about this and we'll fix any mistake we make.
If you want to file a complaint, please write to us or call us and ask that you be transferred to the client care unit.
We'll discuss our services with you.
We're interested in your opinion of our services.
We'll use the information you're giving us to improve our services.
Please send us your feedback in any of the following ways:
Call our agency's free number in the 0800 601 011 series.
Fill out a client comment card that can be accessed at our offices and at our payment points.
Visit our website at www.sassa.gov.za.
Visit any of our contact points
(our district, local and service offices).
To file a complaint in writing in one of our offices.
Questions or comments on the charter
To get more information on this charter, call one of our offices.
You can get a Braille charter, audio film, and a CD if you're asking for it.
The Charter will be implemented on 01/04/2007 and will be revised every year, taking into account your comments
SA - News Statistics
Internal statistics: As democracy takes root in society, the need for statistics will increase.
This article was first published in the Business Report on 5 August 2004.
Last week, I participated in the Regional Advisory Council Conference of the East African Statistical Training Centre in Tanzania, where I was able to attend the 39th annual launch ceremony of the Centre, which was attended by five staff members of the SA Statistical Office.
The Agency is very interested in training SA Stats staff.
Shortly after I was appointed as the master statistics in Stats-Sa, together with the Statistical Board, I began an urgent search for institutions offering training in the interpretation of official data.
Two institutions were identified: a training institution in Dar es Salaam in Tanzania, as well as the Institute of Statistics and Applied Economics in Uganda.
The Training Institute was established in 1965 by the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa, the East African Common Services Organization and the United Nations Development Programme.
In 1997, the Tanzanian Government had already controlled the institution and increased the number of African countries in which it was served to 13.
The Institute in Uganda was established in 1969 in the legal system of the University of McCerere. 
Its objective is to provide high-level training in statistics and applied economics.
Over the past three years, Stats SA has sent its staff to these institutions.
The first group graduated from school last year.
Since their return, they have significantly improved their performance, and some of them are currently in leadership positions.
However, Stats SA faces new challenges.
The lack of statistical information for decision-making in three government departments has increased significantly.
In particular, there is an urgent need for persons trained in the collection and use of statistical information in municipalities. 
To meet this need, we will have to train at least 2,000 people a year.
The Tanzania Training Institute, together with the Uganda Institute of Statistics and Applied Economics, is unable to meet this high demand.
When he opened the SA Statistical Association conference last year, Finance Minister Trevor Manuel asked South African universities to address the lack of statistical skills to help the Government make informed decisions based on statistical accurate information.
In order to initiate such training, the SA has initiated discussions with universities on this issue.
However, there is currently no university in South Africa offering courses in official statistics.
In the near future, SSC plans to establish a statistical training institute that will provide training in official statistics for both Institute staff and officials of other departments.
The introduction of a national statistical system will require the establishment of statistical units in various government departments, which will give rise to an urgent need for statistical specialists.
However, the development of statistical capacity is not only related to the need for accurate information within the Government.
Statistics are at the heart of democracy.
In the early 20th century, HG Wells expressed the view that future statistics would be important to citizens, as would reading and writing skills.
State statistics are a recent cultural achievement that has taken place since the dawn of democracy.
In Africa, where democracy is still new, we will see a marked increase in the demand for public statistics as democracy takes root in society.
Statisticians are guardians of democratic principles, transparency of measurement and access, and therefore accountability.
That is what makes this campaign so important: statistical capacity-building and the establishment of an institution that is necessary for a massive and rapid expansion of training in official data interpretation.
Pali Lehola, General Statistician and Head of Statistics SA.
For more information about the States SA and what it does, please visit www.statssa.gov.za or call (012) 310-8600
16 Days of Activism: Did you know?
Since 1994, the Government had adopted a law aimed at remedying misconduct affecting women and children.
The Promotion of Equality and Prevention of Unfair Discrimination Act 2000 was enacted to ensure the enjoyment of all constitutional rights. 
The law guarantees women equal rights and freedom in solving problems of the past.
The Employment Equality Act 1988 ensures the cessation of discrimination in employment, labour and income in the labour market resulting from apartheid.
It encourages equal representation of women and others who have historically been disadvantaged in all public and private institutions.
The Maintenance Act 1998 guarantees the right of the child to a standard of living adequate for physical, mental, spiritual and social development.
The law guarantees that child support is provided by parents or other persons who are financially responsible for the child.
The Domestic Violence Act was enacted in 1998 to provide better protection to victims of domestic violence.
Currently, women subjected to domestic violence had access to legal remedies.
The Children &apos; s Act 2005 and the Children &apos; s Act 2007, as amended, were enacted, inter alia, to protect the child from ill-treatment, neglect, humiliation or ill-treatment.
The Government has implemented and supported measures aimed at protecting the human dignity of women and children.
The Charter on the Rights of the Child is currently being revised to include emerging issues, such as the use of children as objects of pornographic material and their impact on them.
The Government responded to the issue of forcing children to marry adults under the pretext of Ukutwala.
The Government is committed to ensuring that traditional and other activities are carried out in accordance with the Constitution and relevant laws.
Some special police units dealing with cases of domestic and sexual violence, as well as other crimes against women and children, are being re-established.
The establishment of specialized units will contribute to the development of the skills necessary to improve the management and successful prosecution of crimes against women and children.
At present, 17 Tutuzela centres have been established throughout the country in communities with high levels of sexual violence.
These centres provide health and welfare services and ensure effective reporting and prosecution of crimes in decent and caring conditions under the guidance of qualified professionals.
Asset recovery funds in criminal cases were used to finance 19 victim empowerment projects.
The Department of Services for Victims of Violence and Crime has been established and provides services to more than 1,500 government and civil society organizations in all provinces.
The Department empowers people by providing them with access to services that are available in their area.
In police stations with a high crime rate, conditions favourable to victims have been created.
Courts had been established to deal only with sexual offences.
The Domestic Violence Act provides for the establishment of shelters.
There are currently 96 shelters in South Africa, compared with 39 in 2001.
The Victims &apos; Charter was becoming a reality for victims of crime who cooperated with the criminal justice system.
The Charter includes minimum standards of service for victims of crime, which explains the legal framework for victims in order to emphasize their rights and the services they expect from the criminal justice system.
As a result of the implementation of the Victims &apos; Charter, the number of days required to complete a case in a sexual crimes court has decreased from 285 to 142.
Furthermore, in accordance with the United Nations Declaration on Basic Principles of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power, the Government of South Africa has an obligation to comply with its international obligations.
There is international cooperation in addressing violence against women and children.
South Africa reported to the UN CEDAW Committee on its progress in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women. 
South Africa hosted a ministerial meeting of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) (October 2009) to finalize a ten-year regional strategic plan to combat trafficking in persons, especially women and children.
The SADC Protocol on Gender and Development states that SADC member States will adopt legislation to combat sexual harassment by 2015.
South Africa hosted the Regional Summit on Women &apos; s Justice (9-10 November 2009), which brought together African delegates to share their experiences and best practices in addressing sexual and gender-based violence.
Don't turn your back, take measures against ill-treatment
Statement of confidentiality 
The Ministry of Housing is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technologies that provide you with powerful and safe online experience. 
This statement of privacy refers to the website of the Ministry of Housing and monitors the collection and use of data.
Using the website of the Ministry of Housing, you agree with the practice of collecting the data described in this statement.
Collection of personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects personal identifying information, such as your e-mail address, name, address of residence or work address or telephone number.
The Ministry of Housing collects anonymous information about people that is not unique to you, such as the postal code, age, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information on your computer equipment or software, which is also automatically collected by the Ministry of Housing.
This information could include your IP address, search type, domain names, access times, and website addresses.
This information is used by the Ministry of Housing in providing services, maintaining the quality of services and providing general statistics on the use of the website of the Ministry of Housing.
Please note that when you disclose personal identifying or confidential information through public information platforms of the Ministry of Housing, this information may be collected and used by others.
Note: The Ministry of Housing does not read any of your private online messages.
The Ministry of Housing encourages you to study the statements of website confidentiality that you choose to access the Ministry of Housing so that you can understand how these websites collect, use and exchange your information.
The Ministry of Housing will not be responsible for statements of privacy or other material on any website other than its own websites.
Using your personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects and uses your personal information to maintain the website of the Ministry of Housing and to provide the services requested by you.
The Ministry of Housing also uses your personal identification information to inform you of other goods or services offered by the Ministry of Housing and its affiliates.
The Ministry of Housing can also contact you through a survey to examine your views on current services or potential new services that can be provided.
The Ministry of Housing does not sell, lease or lease its client list to third parties.
The Ministry of Housing may from time to time address you on behalf of external business partners for a certain proposal that may be of interest to you.
In this case, your unique, personal identifying information (e-mail address, name, address, telephone number) will not be sent to a third party.
In addition, the Ministry of Housing can exchange information with loyal partners to help them study statistics, send you e-mails or land mail, provide support to clients or arrange delivery.
All such third parties are allowed to use your personal information, except for the provision of these services to the Housing Department, and are requested to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Ministry of Housing does not use or disclose confidential personal information, such as race, religion or political affiliation, without direct authorization. 
The Ministry of Housing monitors the websites and pages visited by its clients at the Ministry of Housing to determine which of the services of the Ministry of Housing are the most popular.
This information is used to provide information and advertisements relevant to clients &apos; needs within the Ministry of Housing to clients whose reactions have shown that they have an interest in the matter.
On the websites of the Ministry of Housing, your personal information will be made public without prior notice if required by law or if they do so in good faith, that such action is important for: (a) compliance with the provisions of the law or compliance with the legal procedures of the Ministry of Housing or the facility; (b) protection and protection of the rights or property of the Ministry of Housing; and (c) taking urgent measures to protect the personal safety of housing users.
Use of cookies
The websites of the Ministry of Housing use rubber to help users adapt their online experiences.
Cookies are a text file placed on a hard drive with a web server.
The cookies will not be used to manage the program or to inject viruses into your computer. 
This cookie is given to you in a unique way, and it can only be read on a web server in the domain that released the cookie.
One of the main objectives of the cookies is to provide comfort and save time.
The purpose of the cookie is to tell the web server that you're back on a page.
For example, if you adjust the pages of the Ministry of Housing or register on the website or services of the Ministry of Housing, the cookies will help the Department to recall your specific information about your next visits.
It makes it easier to record your personal information, like your billing address, delivery address, etc.
If you return to the same website of the Ministry of Housing, the information you have provided in the past can be obtained, so you can easily use the functions of the Department that you have adjusted.
You can accept or reject cookies.
Most web browsers get cookies automatically, but you can modify your browser to reject cookies if you want.
If you decide to give up the cookies, you will not be able to fully access the interactive functions of the Housing Department or the websites you will visit.
Protection of personal information 
The Ministry of Housing protects your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
The Ministry of Housing protects your personal identification information, which you provide in your computer servers in a controlled manner, in a secure environment protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. 
When personal information (as a credit card number) is sent to other websites, it is protected by encryption, as is the Secret Socket Slow (SSL) protocol. 
Modifications to the present statement
The Ministry of Housing occasionally renews this statement of privacy in order to show the feedback of the company and the client.
The Ministry of Housing encourages you to review this application regularly to obtain information on how the Ministry of Housing protects your personal information.
Contact information
The Ministry of Housing will be pleased to receive your comments on this statement of privacy.
If you believe that the Ministry of Housing has not acceded to this application, contact the Ministry of Housing at: webmaster@kznhousing.gov.za.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to quickly identify and address this problem
Address by Prime Minister Abraham Rasul at the graduation ceremony
We are gathered here today to congratulate our certificates.
We'll tell them, "Great!" We are proud of you, the province and the country, we are proud of you, your parents are proud of you, and, more importantly, you should be proud of yourself.
The reason why we are proud at such a moment is to recognize that the moment of achievement was realized after a long period of difficulty and sacrifice, which today represents a moment of exit from situations that are best described as complex.
The Matrix is complicated.
Over the past 10 years, we have had to change the entire educational system from an apartheid perspective.
More progress has been made in terms of greater integration, a unified curriculum and examinations, an increase in the number of persons who write and pass their matriculation certificate, and the realization that education not only meets the needs of the individual but also depends on the qualifications provided by the education system.
The Matrix is very complicated.
Our leaders gathered here in Levenhof are undoubtedly the best: those who have achieved better results and those who deserve the rewards that this province can award.
 We also remember 71 per cent of the nation, students over 20 years of age who have not completed their secondary education; half of the 80,000 who started the first grade with you 12 years ago and who did not pass their exams in 2004 because they dropped out. But of the many who wrote, some have maturity certificates that cannot be used to participate in the economy or in higher education because of the choice of subjects they make.
What makes childhood even more difficult is that you are our role model.
People judge the future by what you do.
He puts his hopes in your well-being.
In the future, it looks forward to our investment in the education system, which entails this celebration.
Yes, most of the provincial and national government budgets are directed towards education.
In just one year, in an effort to keep 2,000 teachers employed, we took money for other provincial activities and invested them in education.
We need to increase our investment in poor schools so that more and more people feel equal in education, with greater confidence in the future of each school in the towns.
More importantly, Minister Dagmore and Superintendent General Schwartz, we have one chance to develop a human resources strategy to justify all these investments.
We must produce certificates that are firmly rooted in values, achieve outstanding results, have a connection to the economy, be faithful to society and benefit people as a whole. 
That's what we're celebrating today.
You represent these hopes when we build our house for everyone.
We celebrate your achievements because you have worked hard and sacrificed, your parents have sacrificed a lot to keep you in school, and society has also sacrificed a lot to invest in your future.
Many doubt that their complications, as well as the fact that they may still escape the apartheid system, are causing them to suffer.
You are the only ones who can overcome this by actively and consciously dedicated themselves to building a house for all who are not racial and equal.
This must be reflected in all the decisions that you will make next.
So far, you've had to choose how much work you're gonna do.
Your certificate of higher education allows and compels you to decide what kind of person you want to be and what kind of life you want to live.
Congratulations and good luck
The task of managing the 2010 public communication project is to:
Promote the achievement of strategic communication goals for the World Cup in Africa;
To seize this extraordinary opportunity to express and strengthen unity and happiness among South Africans;
:: To motivate our young people;
- To promote our country in the world;
Create an atmosphere of communication that will help us seize this opportunity to accelerate growth and empowerment; and
To build African unity.
This will be achieved by:
:: Providing leadership and government communication for the 2010 World Cup
:: Strengthen national cooperation between private and public advocates in various fields and encourage alliances with advocates on the continent and the diaspora so that both the country and the continent can take advantage of this opportunity to communicate throughout their lives; and 
Implementation of key government communications projects for the 2010 World Cup
National traffic laws have been updated to improve safety on our roads.
POLOCKWAN: National traffic laws have been updated.
It is referred to as the seventeenth update and is implemented after its publication.
The Department of Roads and Transport informs vehicle drivers of the following updates:
New vehicles that will be registered after 1 August 2010 must be securely marked with screws or something.
If the signs cannot be placed directly on the vehicle, they shall be placed in a brackets which shall be accredited by SANS 973.
This will reduce the number of offences and traffic violations committed by car owners who remove their license plates so that they can easily cover their tracks.
Once the crime has been committed, it will be difficult to remove the plates and return them, as this will entail additional costs.
The plate is made of aluminium, making it difficult to burn during the accident.
From January 2011, anyone who has obtained a driver &apos; s licence with code C, C1, EC or EC1 will not be allowed to drive a vehicle with a licence with code B or EB (in earlier terms, a person with a licence with code 10, 11, 13 or 14 will not be allowed to drive a vehicle with a licence with code 8).
This does not apply to new licensees.
In order to avoid parallel parking, a large number of students apply for a heavy-duty driver &apos; s licence rather than a light-duty vehicle.
The truth is that soon after obtaining a heavy vehicle licence, they drive cars with which they are not familiar and eventually cause accidents.
It is also hoped that all drivers who have obtained a driver &apos; s licence for a heavy vehicle will have a professional driver &apos; s licence, but the statistics indicate otherwise.
This indicates that claimants need licences to operate passenger vehicles rather than heavy vehicles. 
The control devices for the stability to the direction of minibuses and medium buses were manufactured to obtain certification, which is part of the roadworthiness test.
They apply to minibuses and medium-sized buses, but not to vehicles just manufactured.
The registered vehicle owner shall submit the completed DSCD form to the testing station.
The directional stability control device is a device to prevent a tyre from leaving the rim in the event of a break in the tyre while the vehicle is in motion.
The update of Regulation 332 has been published and contains a schedule of air pressure tests as evidence to be used to summarize examples of air pressure; a certificate issued by the car manufacturer or dealer can only be used as evidence if it can be proved.
This change relates mainly to the question raised by the change in the legality of breathing apparatus under section 65(7) of the 1996 National Road Traffic Act and is consistent with the 1793 ABS and can be used to confirm the amount of alcohol in the driver &apos; s body. 
The following instruments are required:
"This is very important during the holiday season because it strengthens our efforts to combat alcohol-impaired driving on our routes," says MEC Road and Transport, Pinky Kecana
Prenatal care 
Pregnant girls and women are sent to obstetric units in urban areas, as well as to satellite or non-mobile clinics in rural areas.
The MOUs are maternity hospitals run by midwives in the community for patients receiving primary health care. 
A pregnant woman is encouraged to register for the first appointment at the clinic for up to 20 weeks or as soon as possible thereafter.
During her first antenatal visit, the mother will receive the first full examination and counselling, which is also known as visiting orders.
Pregnancy is monitored during regular follow-up visits.
Mother &apos; s health is also monitored.
She's gonna be weighed, her blood pressure's up, and her urine's gonna be tested.
In the absence of any problems, she must return to her initial follow-up visit within two weeks to obtain the results of the test conducted during the first prenatal visit.
Thereafter, she must visit the clinic every six weeks before reaching 28 weeks and thereafter every two weeks until the 34th week (the number of visits may vary from visit to visit, as reported by the clinic/MI staff).
Pregnant women are examined for any possible risks to their health and that of their unborn child.
Both adolescent girls and pregnant women over 35 years of age are at high risk.
This means that they may experience complications during pregnancy and childbirth.
Pregnant women can also be considered at high risk when they have high blood pressure, a history of genetic diseases, at birth many times, and when they have had surgery in the past, such as a caesarean section. 
Women who are diagnosed with high risk are referred to outpatient antenatal clinics in secondary or tertiary hospitals, where more investigations and examinations will be conducted.
Women at increased risk of pregnancy are encouraged to attend outpatient antenatal consultations as often as possible.
If you visit a health facility for the first time, you will be asked to fill out a form and a file will be opened for you.
Bring your passport, any medication you may be taking, and your hospital card, if you have registered with this institution.
Low-risk pregnancy is regulated by the MOU (child basic care units run by midwives) in urban areas or by satellite and non-mobile clinics in rural areas.
High-risk pregnancies are performed in outpatient clinics in urban and rural district hospitals and in hospitals of higher education institutions
Integrated nutrition programme
The purpose of the Integrated Nutrition Programme (CPP) is to improve nutritional conditions for all people living in Western Cape Province.
The programme has different dimensions.
What is malnutrition? 
Malnutrition is a serious problem in South Africa and a major cause of childhood illness and death.
It is estimated that about 30 per cent of children in South Africa do not receive enough nutritious food in the early years of their lives.
The main cause of malnutrition is inadequate food consumption, disease and psychological stress/trauma.
Poverty and lack of resources are major factors leading to malnutrition.
The INP is trying to counter this silent epidemic in different ways.
Child additives
At the primary health-care level, food supplements, including enriched maize and high calories, will be provided to children who are screened and diagnosed as suffering from malnutrition (including children and adults living with HIV and tuberculosis).
Supplements shall be granted to persons who have been identified in accordance with certain criteria.
Health workers also offer counselling, information and education on healthy nutrition and cooking.
Dentists also provide special services to the population.
Breastfeeding
In order to help combat malnutrition in early childhood, health workers encourage women to breastfeed their babies for approximately six months only and then continue to breastfeed their babies and supplement them with other appropriate food until the child reaches the age of two.
Other child feeding options are being reviewed with women living with HIV.
Under the Child-friendly Hospital Initiative, the Vendendal Hospital and the Maternity Protection Section in Grota Shuur are child-friendly hospitals.
Evaluation of care and growth
All children are regularly weighed in the care and evaluation programme, which is a strong indication of the child &apos; s growth.
Body weight is recorded in the &quot; Road to Health &quot; card.
Weight loss factors, including infectious diseases, lack of food at home and neglect of children, are being addressed. 
Communicable diseases play an important role in malnutrition and are treated instead of basic care.
Diarrhoea is closely linked to poor environmental hygiene (sanitary and water supply) and inadequate or poor nutrition of the child, making him/her more vulnerable to serious and prolonged diarrhoea.
Poverty alleviation
Poor families have been identified and have been transferred to government programmes to combat poverty.
In addition, food security in families is assessed and assistance and support provided.
Vitamin additives
Addressing nutritional deficiencies is an important part of this service.
Nutrients are natural substances, such as vitamins and minerals, which are found in small quantities in food and are important for health promotion.
The INP provides vitamin A supplementation to target children.
Children in need of vitamin A lose weight, they can't grow up properly, they can get infected and die because of them.
The lack of vitamin A destroys vision and is the main cause of blindness in children.
Underweight children are given vitamin A pills, which help as a vaccine in the body and in the child &apos; s development.
Children between the ages of 6 and 11 months receive one dose of vitamin A (100,000 IU) to prevent serious diseases.
Children between 12 months and 5 years of age receive one dose of 200,000 Yuan at the age of 12 months, and thereafter a dose of 200,000 Yuan every six months until the child reaches the age of five.
Other additional vitamin A doses are given to children who are severely malnourished or suffering from infectious diseases such as diarrhoea, measles or HIV infection.
Deworming
Children &apos; s weight deterioration can also be caused by worms and can be treated with deworming drugs at the clinic.
Advise on nutrition in a context-specific manner
Nutritional education, information and counselling are provided at all levels of health care to paralyzed, high blood pressure, diabetes or HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis patients.
Primary school feeding programme
The primary school feeding programme is implemented in specific schools located in an unsatisfactory economic region.
These programmes are currently being implemented jointly with the Ministry of Education.
The provincial government intends to reach 125,000 children in 847 primary schools in the province by 2004 as part of its school feeding programme.
Food in institutions
The INP is also involved in caring for those who provide them with food to ensure that they receive adequate food.
Instructions
Visitors who first arrived at the clinic/secondary hospital will be asked to fill out the forms and the file will be opened.
Take the documents with you.
A transfer letter from the clinic will be required when you visit the hospital.
The hospitals will ask you for a new salary/income (IRP5).
Bring your hospital card if you register at the hospital
Address by Mr. Ntopile Kganyago, Deputy Minister of Public Works, Member of Parliament, at the opening of the Tshwan Inner City programme, South African Reserve Bank, Tshwane.
Other senior government officials 
Ladies and gentlemen, representatives of the media
Dear guests
The decision of the Cabinet in 1997 to encourage national government agencies to make the inner city of Tshwane a permanent home has demonstrated their vision, then and now.
The result is a well-organized plan to link the restructuring of our cities with the Government &apos; s call for urban renewal and other spatial development campaigns aimed at promoting the values of human rights-based urban governance, hotel housing, economic development and social cohesion.
Today, we are facing the realization of that vision and are celebrating the path that we have come so far.
Intensive discussions, often accompanied by equally intense discussions on the needs and options that government agencies can use with regard to their physical environment, have not excluded any of us from our long-term goals of improving the physical working environment of government departments in the inner town of Tshwan.
At the same time, we must contribute to the renewal and rejuvenation of the inner city.
Other important challenges include efforts to attract private sector investment, restoring the image of Tshwane as an important capital city in Africa and further economic empowerment of the black population.
The Government owns a large property and a leading investor in the local government economy, especially in the municipalities of Johannesburg and Tshwana in Gautengue. 
Departments should be able to fulfil their obligations to provide services to communities to fulfil their functions.
It is well known that most government buildings fall into the &quot; Good Fair &quot; category rather than the &quot; exceptional &quot; category in terms of their condition.
Renovation, reconstruction and maintenance will require funds and an opportunity to participate in part of the BEI project in the inner city of Tshwane.
Every year, the national Government, together with the Ministry of Public Works, uses more than $2 billion for its activities. (Thousands of United States dollars) In addition, the Government of the Republic of Moldova has made a number of financial contributions to the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (i.e., RWd) to cover rental costs, as well as other costs of administrative buildings, such as tax services to the community, where both private institutions and local authorities are profiting.
However, it is expected that these participants will lead the reconstruction of the inner town of Tshwane, which may include the participation of the Gauteng provincial government in its major investment projects carried out by the Gautenga Economic Development Agency (GEDA).
According to the &quot; Inner City of Tshwane &quot; programme, which will be called &quot; Re Kgabisa Tshwane &quot;, which has been reduced to &quot; Best Place for Work &quot;, the focus is on people (both civil servants and the nation), as it is their place of work, where they can provide important services and where communities can receive such services.
When we announced the Government's 2004 action plan, President Thabo Mbeki requested that the Department of Public Works and the Department of Public Service and Administration lead a project to improve the state of the environment in government departments and workplaces for public servants.
National government structures are the engine of service delivery, and government officials are the oil through which the engine works quickly and successfully.
In assessing the needs of the project, many of the public officials contacted stressed the importance of excellent jobs and conditions for carrying out their work, including inside and outside locations, and it was therefore important to cooperate with the city of Tshwane, which is responsible for most aspects of urban management, such as movement, purity, safety, security and aesthetics.
Allow me to take this opportunity to thank the leadership of Tshwan and the authorities for their intention to adopt the project and to align it with the integrated reconstruction plans.
The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), which will be submitted today to the Ministry of Public Works and the city of Tshwane, confirms that we have found a place to work.
It is a statement of intention to cooperate on ideas and projects that will serve the interests of both parties.
Today we address you with a message: "Work has begun", and in the next 10 years, 8 billion people will be received from national governments and private institutions. (in US$ 8 billion) The Committee recommends that the State party take all necessary measures to ensure that the State party's implementation of the provisions of the Convention is carried out in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.
Under the Administrative Programme, an Administrative Committee was established between the Department of Public Service and Administration, the Department of Public Works, the National Treasury and the city of Tshwane.
In particular, the committee will lead the programme to monitor and ensure its implementation, finalize the financial support strategy and confirm integrated implementation.
The Department has hired Mr. Dumisani Dlamini as Deputy Director-General, who will be responsible for the management of the entire programme.
Thank you
Ms. Speaker, Honourable Prime Minister, my cabinet colleagues, members of the House of Representatives, honoured guests, staff of the Ministry of Housing, the media and the community at large, welcome.
These words reflect South Africa &apos; s policy, especially in the Western Cape.
Regardless of how dedicated and progressive the people of that country are, there are those whose goal is to always look at the remarkable work done by our interested and caring Government in the short, difficult time it has been in office.
Comrades, most people have been arguing about what a building is, but let me give you another version.
For me, housing isn't just an orphanage.
These are people who are responsible for encouraging their community and for building their own future.
It is about creating desirable communities and a sustainable, loving environment.
Progress was being made through unity and partnership between the private sector, the public sector and non-governmental organizations, especially members of the community. 
For me, housing can be explained as a process based on the democratic values for which the people of that country are struggling.
Housing in the South African context is not just a product, but a process that is reflected in the democratic values for which the people of that country are struggling.
It is a process in which people listen and enable people to exercise their human rights by choosing the type of houses and land on which they wish to build their homes.
Thus, no dignity should be denied in an undemocratic manner such as the denial of its right to choose.
Unlike apartheid, as a social activist, people are at the centre of my vision and housing strategy. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this afternoon I am pleased to make the second budget speech as Prime Minister of Housing in the province.
I am also proud to be delivering this budget speech the day before the tenth anniversary of democracy.
There is undeniable evidence that the ANC-led Government has achieved much more in less than a decade of its democratic rule than any other country in the world.
Cisebenzile, we've made progress.
I am proud to report that of the 1.4 million housing opportunities provided by the Government over the past nine years, our province has issued 167,000 housing units, representing 11 per cent of the national cake.
I think it's a great idea, exceeding any standard.
I would also like to say that the past year has been full of problems that have strangled the delivery of houses throughout the country, especially in the province.
These problems were caused by the adoption of new policy laws and mechanisms, such as the contribution of beneficiaries of R2,479 and the introduction of the National Guarantee System of the Housing Council for Government-subsidized housing.
The purpose of these steps is not to delay the provision of services, but to ensure that our people receive market value houses.
We draw lessons from the implementation of this policy, despite the fact that it results in delays in the delivery of services.
Worse still, my Department continued to operate without the Director-General for nine months.
It delayed progress a little bit.
That is why I have hired the Director-General, Mr. Seth Maquetuku, a child who was born and raised in Cape Town and has experience in local and national government, whom I would like to congratulate and welcome, even though I have done so many times.
Despite all these challenges and challenges, I am pleased to inform our people that my department has managed to use the $348 million available to it. This represents 92 per cent of housing expenditure in the western part of the Cape.
Some provinces haven't even used 52% of our budget.
As a result, funding for 25,000 houses was approved.
Many poor families will be able to enjoy the fruits of democracy.
This represents a significant increase in the number of units over the previous year to 3,000.
For that reason, I would like to support an important aspect of the work of our municipalities in our province. 
Without your commitment to the work you did so well, we would not have been able to use that money.
I also wish to pay tribute to Cape Town for using 70 per cent of our budget.
I do not forget my officers for their good work and participation in our vision of building houses for our nation.
Comrades, I won't tell the truth if I'm just talking about what's good about providing houses.
We still have some gaps in the provision of homes.
We have yet to improve the situation on the following major issues:
Most of our homes have not yet brought about a change in policy in terms of the quantity of housing per quality.
We still have to change the provision of housing from asylum to settlements.
We must change the participation of beneficiaries from passive to active.
We need to change the minds of our people so that they see government-subsidized houses as property, not just as a product
Rule of law activities in the sectors
This was a great relief for both the mother and the 16-month-old child James Buscave when he was reunited with his biological mother on 7 April 2006.
Problems began when James' mother arrived at the hospital on 6 April to visit her son, and the nurses learned that the day before the baby had been handed over to another woman who said she was a mother.
Shortly thereafter, the nurses reported to the police station in Kanan because the woman who had assembled the child gave the address in Kanan.
They tried unsuccessfully to confirm the address.
There was no one at this address who knew the woman's description.
On the evening of 6 April, PLS Kanana held a meeting.
The Acting Station Commissioner reported the abducted child and asked everyone to keep their eyes and ears open.
At about 11.00 p.m. At 1100 hours on the same night, a resident called the police with information about a woman living in a community who was known to have never been pregnant but had suddenly given birth to a boy.
The police checked this information, and they did find a woman and a child.
Hospital staff were summoned and immediately identified the child and the woman who stole him from the hospital.
Various evidence was found in the suspect &apos; s house, including a plastic bracelet from the hospital.
The woman was arrested and the unharmed child was taken to hospital, where he was reunited with his mother the next day.
The measures taken by members of the community to identify the child were welcome, as they emphasized the value of public order.
The value of community policing, which is carried out and properly supported, should not be taken lightly.
Keep up the good work, S.L.P. Canana!
Dear madam.
I think I'm lucky to walk past your police station in Mondor, where I saw the SAPS diary.
I understand it's published once a month, and I found it for interesting reading.
My wife and I started a new business, and we'd like to invite all your employees or some of them from your community to join us for a cup of tea and maybe some cookies.
As you know, starting a new business is not easy, and it takes a lot of time and money.
Nevertheless, we continue to believe that the police and other law enforcement agencies are important to the South African community.
I would like to thank you all for your sacrifices so that we, as a community, can continue our daily lives. 
We're looking forward to seeing your employees or to seeing them in uniform in our little store to get to know each other better.
We thank you and all your other law enforcement officials in South Africa for your commitment to working hard to ensure security in South Africa.
Short letters with glasses may be sent by fax or by e-mail to the editor.
We have the right to edit or abbreviate letters
Call for action
On 14 May 2007, an article entitled &quot; SAPS Online Journal &quot; (www.sapsjournalon-line.gov.za) explained how two police officers in the Vehicle Identification Section had been arrested for fraud and crimes. 
According to these reports, the two, one superintendent and one inspector, sold vehicles that had been found by the police after they had been stolen and took the money for themselves.
Both suspects were brought to trial on 12 June and the case was postponed until 21 August 2007. 
The following day, 15 May 2007, the title "News 24" read: "Two policemen were arrested for armed robbery".
At that time, a constable student and an inspector reportedly robbed a clothing store in Marble Hall and stole money, pants and a shirt.
Crime in the police force must cease.
Although most of us are honest and hardworking citizens, a small number of police officers do not respect themselves, their uniform or the police code of conduct.
It is time to remove the negative elements from the SAPS once and for all. 
Now you can help remove corrupt cops by exposing them across our criminal line.
Anonymous
If you suspect that one of your colleagues is doing something illegal, or if you know someone else, be it a police officer, a family member, a colleague, a neighbour or a stranger who is involved in or plans to engage in criminal activity, all you have to do is send a text message to 32211.
It's a new national crime number released by Primdia in Sandton.
 You can send SMS to 32211 (only R1 a SMS) or visit www.crime-line.co.za.
Those trained in data collection are awaiting the transmission of this information to the police, who will take immediate action.
It's nice to keep you anonymous.
Now you have the opportunity to help fight crime without putting yourself in danger.
The Primeda campaign does not promise any returns.
Yusuf Abramji, coordinator of the Pirdia Crime Project, said: "We do not want you to be called or addressed unless you decide to give them to us and there is no need for police testimony or court appearance.
All we need is information about criminals to get the police to do something about it."
A new national campaign against crime, worth millions of rands, was launched by Primedia in Sandton on 7 May 2007. 
It is based on the international system for combating crime.
In August 1976, anti-crime work began in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
It is a partnership between citizens, the media and law enforcement agencies and is designed to combat crime and ensure the safety of citizens.
At present, 1,200 crime programmes are being implemented worldwide and are being implemented in 20 countries using information provided by the community to facilitate crime detection.
According to the director of Primia Ltd, Mr. William Kirsch, these programs helped arrest 600,000 criminals!
What every police officer should know about this new campaign against crime is that it enjoys the full support of the Minister of Safety and Security, Mr. Charles Nqakula, and the National Commissioner of SAPS, Jackie Selebi.
Commissioner Selebi promised that "as an agency, we will do everything in our power to make this project a success".
The question is, what are you gonna do about it?
She needs the full support of everyone, not only in responding immediately when you get urgent information from the agency on the number of crimes committed, but in advertising it wherever you can.
Tell all people, TPL, schools, your family and friends how to warn him.
Convince them that the campaign does not promise returns and that they will remain anonymous, no matter what happens.
Remember, this isn't an emergency number.
People should continue to send emergency reports to 10111 or nearby police stations.
As part of the anti-crime campaign, the media had extended a hand to the police.
They want to help us make South Africa a safe place for all.
When this criminal initiative was launched, John Robbie, a TV channel on Talk Radio 702, provided 65 personal cars.
Mr. Robbie recently went to the audience to promise some money to buy identification machines.
Manufacturers of these machines, Face Technology, also helped to lower their prices to the cost of manufacturing them, allowing companies that promised enough money for one car to buy two cars.
The premiere and John Robbie aren't the only ones who help the police fight crime.
Read some news about the success of this project in the SAPS Journal or the SAPS Journal Online, and you will see how things have been resolved with the help of citizens.
With anti-crime campaigns, criminals, including those who work for SAPS, can be sure of one... their days are numbered
ETQA accreditation as service provider
South African Government Services
Apply for accreditation of ETHA as a provider of education and training services 
Description
The policy on quality assurance bodies for education and training under the auspices of the South African Qualification Authority (SACO) requires education and training institutions to apply for accreditation to the ECTC.
With regard to accreditation, education and training institutions must be registered in accordance with applicable legislation.
According to the legislation on higher education and further education, persons providing education and vocational training who offer full qualifications must be registered with the Ministry of Education.
The provider of education and training services should provide qualifications assessments and/or data that fall within the core area of activity of the Education and Training Quality Assurance Authority (ETCO) of the Sectoral Education and Training Authority (SETA) or professional body.
Accreditation requirements:
* The accreditation requirements can be found in the document entitled &quot; Supplier Criteria and Guidelines &quot;, which is available on the SACA website.
* Subjects (and/or evaluations) provided by the provider of education and training services should take the form of standards and/or qualifications registered in the National Qualification Scheme (NCS).
:: The training programme (chart, content and training materials) should be linked to the standards and/or qualifications of the units.
:: Staff members (registered lecturers and assessors) must be adequately qualified.
:: Students should have access to adequate support services.
:: Evaluation equipment and methods used to assess the requirements for standards and/or qualifications of units should be fair, true and reliable and should be used to improve the level of training.
Next steps:
:: Send a statement of its intention to be accredited as a supplier of education and training to the appropriate ETHA.
* Send the application form to ETQA in which you will assess yourself.
If you have not been accredited and believe that the trial has been unfair, you have the right to appeal. 
* ETQA contact list available on the SAQA website.
It could take up to six months.
The services are free of charge.
Forms to be filled-in
The forms of applications for accreditation as a service provider and other relevant documentation can be found in the relevant FTC.
Contact information - please select an option:

