South African Social Security Agency
Client service charter
Welcome to our client charter.
We want you to be our client, appreciate our standard of service as presented in this charter.
We will treat you with respect and provide high-quality services that are consistent with the principles of BATHO PELE.
As part of our commitment, we commit ourselves to providing you with high-quality services as well as accurate information, guidance and support for all our services.
Purpose of this Charter
This charter tells you about the service standard you can expect from the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA).
SASASA is the government body responsible for overseeing the distribution of social subsidies to the South African population.
We're making commitments.
Managing and providing high-quality social security services in an accessible and effective manner through the introduction of best practices.
What do you expect us to do?
Promote and protect the dignity, confidentiality and integrity of individuals, as well as openness, equality and non-discrimination.
The South African Social Security Agency makes the following commitments:
We'll give you information and advice on all the grants you can get.
We will send you to other centres that you may have to visit to receive services.
We'll help you fill out our forms and apply for a grant.
We'll keep the information you're giving us confidential.
We will abide by the requirements of the South African Constitution, as well as codes of conduct and laws governing the provision of public services.
We will use the language of your choice when we serve you.
We will work hand in hand with our employers and other stakeholders.
We will do everything in our power to improve our services in order to meet your expectations.
To contact us.
When you contact us either in person, by telephone or by e-mail, the following will happen:
The client service agent you're dealing with will present it to you.
We will immediately answer questions posed to us by telephone or face-to-face.
If we can't answer your question right away, we'll give you reasons and tell you when you can expect an answer.
We'll give you a reference number so you can follow up on your request.
We will respond to every message you send to us and consider this matter within seven days.
If we don't give satisfactory answers within seven days, we'll give you reasons and let you know when you can expect an answer.
We'll try to deal with your complaints in 21 days.
When you call us, we will answer immediately using the official language of your choice.
We will respond in writing to all the decisions that have been made with respect to your grant.
In our offices, SASASA
When you visit our offices, the support staff will be following you as soon as possible.
All our offices are open between 8 p.m. and 6 p.m. 3 p.m. and 4 p.m. From 9.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m., Monday to Thursday and Friday from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday, 7 November 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. 3 p.m.
In our offices and places of payment, you will have access to the following services:
Confidentiality
Suitable waiting area
Toilets
Medical care, if you tell us before your visit that you need these services.
We'll come to you if you can't come to our office on medical grounds. 
You can call us and we'll make arrangements to visit you at home.
Consideration of application for social benefit
Your application for social security benefits will be reviewed on the day it is submitted to us.
Then we'll check that you're eligible for a grant.
We've set ourselves a time frame for the processing of your application and for the grant to be paid to you within 90 days.
If your application is rejected, suspended or withdrawn, we will inform you of your right to seek review of the decision.
Decision-making
If you disagree with any decision we make on your grant application or want more information on the decision, you can do the following:
You may request further clarification on this decision; we will work with you to comply with your request.
You may request that our decision be reviewed within 30 days of the date indicated in the letter.
You can access your file to obtain any information you may need.
What you have to do
You must provide us with the following:
Your correct mail and home address.
Any changes in your personal details, such as the money you get, the address, the state of health, etc.
Reliable, honest and complete information or explanations at any time.
Timely responses to all our letters, including reviews and requests for information.
Displeased with our services?
If you're not happy with our services, because:
We spent too much time dealing with your grant application and/or you didn't get your money on time.
The behaviour of one of our officials has made you unhappy.
Our staff members made mistakes in your application or gave you the wrong advice.
Deliberate/unintentional errors on our side.
Let us know and we will correct any mistake we make immediately.
If you have any questions, please write to us or call us and ask that you be transferred to our client service office.
We'll discuss our services with you.
We'd like to hear your opinion about our services.
We'll use the information you're giving us to improve our services.
Please send us your feedback using any of the following elements:
Access to free number: 0800 601 011
I'm closing a card available for comments from clients in our offices and in the payment industry.
Visit our website: www. &quot; Sassa.gov.za &quot;
Visited one of our contact points.
(Regional, local, service and payment zones)
Send us your opinions in writing or send them to any of our offices.
Questions or comments on the present charter
If you need more information about this charter, visit one of our offices.
You can request a copy of this charter in Braille, on tape or on CD.
The Charter will enter into force 01/04/2007 and will be revised annually on the basis of your comments. 
Department of Statistics of South Africa - News
Within the Department of Statistics: As democratic norms are established, the need for statistics will increase.
This article was first published in the &quot; Business Report &quot; on 5 August 2004.
Last week, I participated in a meeting of the institutional advisory board at the East African Statistical Training Centre in Tanzania, where I was able to participate in the 39th issue of the centre, which was attended by five statisticians from South Africa.
The training of statistical staff from South Africa is the result of the love shown by the organization.
Since my appointment as Chief Statistician in South Africa, I have worked with the Statistical Board to develop an urgent programme to identify institutions that produce official data.
We have identified two institutions: the training centre in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and the Institute of Statistics and Economics of Uganda.
The Centre was established in 1965 by the United Nations Economic Commission for Eastern Africa and the United Nations Development Programme.
In 1977, the Tanzanian Government took over the centre and increased the number of African countries assisted by the centre to 13.
The Centre in Uganda was established in 1969 under the auspices of McCerere University.
Its objective was to provide high-level training in statistics and economics.
In the last three years, SA Stats have been sending their staff to these centres.
The first group graduated from school last year.
Since their return, they have made significant progress in their work, and some have even been promoted to senior positions.
Nevertheless, statistics in the SA face new challenges.
The need for statistical information has increased dramatically at all three government levels.
In addition, those trained in the collection and use of statistical information at the municipal level are crucial.
In order to solve this problem, we must train about 2,000 people each year. 
The Tanzania Training Centre and the Institute of Statistics and Economics of Uganda cannot accomplish this enormous task.
When Finance Minister Trevor Manuel opened the Statistical Conference in South Africa last year, he asked South African universities to address the shortage of statisticians to help the Government make decisions backed by statistical information.
Statistics South Africa has initiated discussions with universities to initiate such training.
Despite this, there is no university offering courses in official statistics.
Statistics South Africa plans to establish a statistical training institution in the near future, focusing on training in official statistics for internal and other departments.
The national statistical validation programme will increase the need for the establishment of statistical units in different government units, which will increase the need for trained statisticians with statistical knowledge.
Nevertheless, statistical capacity development is more than the Government &apos; s need for accurate information.
Statistics are central to democratic government.
In the early 20th century, HG Wells expressed the view that in the near future citizens would have to know statistics as well as to read and write.
State statistics are a recent cultural achievement made possible by a democratic government. 
As for Africa, where democracy is still young, we will see a growing demand for public statistics as democracy grows stronger.
Statisticians have a responsibility to protect the principles of democracy and transparency, equality and access, which means that they are guarantors of good behaviour. 
The development of statistical skills and the establishment of institutions that are necessary for the implementation of the expanded programme and that quickly train people in official data is important in this campaign.
Pali Lehohla is the chief statistical officer and head of SA Statistics.
Further information on South African statistics and what it does is available at www.statssa.gov.za or by telephone (012) 310-8600
16 Days of Activism: Did you know?
Since 1994, the Government had drafted a bill aimed at correcting errors committed against women and children.
The Promotion of Equality and Prevention of Unfair Discrimination Act, adopted in 2000, had been enacted to ensure that everyone enjoyed his or her constitutional rights.
This law guarantees women equal rights and freedoms in order to correct the mistakes of the past.
The Employment Equality Act 1998 guarantees protection against discrimination in the workplace and regulates employment and income in the workplace, which were created under the laws of apartheid.
It encourages the equitable representation of women and other previously marginalized persons at all levels of the private and public sectors.
The Maintenance Act 1998 guarantees the rights of the child by ensuring that the child lives a normal physical, mental, spiritual and social life.
The Act provides for the collection of funds for the maintenance of the child from parents or guardians who are financially responsible for the care of the child. 
The Domestic Violence Act 1998 was designed to provide adequate protection to victims of domestic violence.
Women victims of violence now have access to legal aid to ensure their safety.
The Children &apos; s Act 2005 and the Children &apos; s Amendment Act 2007 were enacted to, inter alia, protect the child from ill-treatment, abandonment, ill-treatment and humiliation.
The Government has implemented and supported many intervention programmes aimed at protecting the dignity of women and children. 
The Charter on the Rights of the Child is currently being revised and updated to include new tasks, such as the use of children in pornography and the introduction of sexual materials to children. 
The Government had responded to the problem of forcing children to marry adults under the cover of a tradition called "Ukutwala".
The Government is committed to ensuring that cultural and other practices are carried out in accordance with the Constitution and other relevant laws.
New specialized police units are being established, focusing on domestic, sexual and other crimes against women and children.
The establishment of these specialized units will build on the expertise needed to improve the management of crimes against women and children and the successful prosecution of perpetrators.
There are currently 17 protection centres called &quot; Tutuzela Support Centres &quot; in the country, which have been established in communities facing high levels of sexual violence.
These centres provide health and social services and start reporting and prosecution processes under decent and caring conditions, which are carried out by trained experts. 
The Fund &apos; s programme on asset recovery in criminal matters was used to finance 19 victim assistance projects. 
A Handbook of Services for Victims of Violence and Crime has been developed and contains more than 1,500 services offered by the Government and social organizations in all provinces.
The guide helps people to gain access to the services available in their area.
At police stations, centres had been set up to assist victims of crimes committed by family members or persons familiar with each other.
Special Sexual Offences Courts have been established.
The Domestic Violence Act provided for the establishment of shelters for victims of abuse.
There are currently 96 shelters for victims of violence in South Africa, compared with 39 in 2001.
The rights enshrined in the Charter for Victims of Crime are reviewed from the perspective of both victims of crime and the judiciary.
The Charter includes the Standards of Service for Victims of Crime, which set out the legal agenda for victims in order to guarantee their rights with regard to the services they may expect from the judicial system.
The length of time for dealing with crimes before the Sexual Offences Court has been reduced from 285 to 182 days.
The Charter is a requirement of the Government of South Africa to fulfil its international obligations by bringing it into line with the United Nations (UN) Principles in Support of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power.
International cooperation in combating crimes against women and children
South Africa has submitted its report on the progress made so far in the implementation of the Agreement on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women to the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
South Africa held a ministerial meeting of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) (October 2009) to finalize a 10-year regional strategic plan to combat trafficking in persons, especially women and children.
The SADC Protocol on Gender and Development stated that SADC member States should adopt laws to combat sexual harassment by 2015.
South Africa hosted the Regional Summit on Women &apos; s Justice (from 9 to 10 November 2009), which brought together representatives of African countries to discuss experiences and commit themselves to using all available knowledge and experience to ensure success in eliminating gender-based violence.
Don't ignore him, do something against abuse.
Statement of confidentiality
The Department of Housing is committed to protecting your privacy and promoting technology that provides you with powerful and safe online experience.
This statement of confidentiality is posted on the website of the Ministry of Housing, which monitors data collection and use.
Using the website of the Ministry of Housing, you agree to use the data, as explained in this statement.
Collection of personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects personal data such as e-mail address, name, workplace or home address, as well as telephone number.
The Ministry of Housing also collects anonymous information that is not unique to you, e.g. ZIP code, age, sex, preferences and favorites.
There is also information on your computer equipment or software that is automatically collected by the Ministry of Housing.
This information includes your address, IP, the type of browser you use, domain names, time of entry, and website address.
This information is used by the Ministry of Housing to determine how the service operates, to maintain it in good condition and to maintain general statistics on the use of the website of the Ministry of Housing.
Please note that personal or confidential information that may reveal your identity on the public information boards of the Housing Department may be collected and used by others.
Know that the Ministry of Housing does not have access to your private Internet messages.
The Department of Housing urges you to review the statements of website confidentiality that you have decided to contact outside the Ministry of Housing so that you can understand how these sites collect your information, how they use it, and how they share your information with others.
The Ministry of Housing will not assume responsibility for privacy claims or other information contained on websites outside the Ministry of Housing and the Ministry of Family Housing.
Use your personal information
The Ministry of Housing collects and uses your personal information on how you use the website of the Ministry of Housing, as well as the services you requested.
The Ministry of Housing also uses personal information to inform you about products or other services that you can obtain from the website of the Ministry of Housing and its partners.
The Ministry of Housing can also contact you through surveys to obtain your opinion on their current services or other new services that can be provided.
The Ministry of Housing does not sell or lease client lists to others.
The Ministry of Housing can contact you now and again on behalf of its business partners for other items that may be of value to you.
In such cases, your unique personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transmitted to other people.
In addition, the Ministry of Housing can exchange data with other trusted service providers in order to help them with statistical analysis, e-mail, customer support or supply.
All these people can use your personal information without providing services to the Housing Department, and they have to keep your information secret.
The Ministry of Housing does not use or disclose your personal information, such as your nationality, religion or membership in political parties, without your express consent.
The Ministry of Housing knows which websites and pages are frequently visited by its clients at the Ministry of Housing to determine which services are preferred.
These data are used to convey content to you or to advertise directly to those clients whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in something special within the Ministry of Housing.
The website of the Ministry of Housing will release your personal information without prior notice, if required by law, or with good intentions, if deemed necessary: (a) issue a legal message or direct the legal procedures governing the Ministry of Housing or its website; (b) protect the rights or property of the Ministry of Housing; (c) take measures against repressive situations to protect the personal safety of the users of the Ministry of Housing or Public Protection website.
How cookies are used
The Department of Housing is using no one to get the Internet to identify you when you use it.
The cookie is a text file that is stored on the disk by a web-page server.
Cookies cannot be used to launch programs or transmit viruses to a computer.
The cookies are distributed among you in various ways; the only web server that can read them is the domain that sent these cookies.
One of the main objectives of the cookie is to provide you with a unique individual character that benefits and saves you time.
The role of cookies in notifying the web server that you're back on the same page.
For example, when you create a page on the website of the Ministry of Housing so that it can identify you or access the Housing Services Department, this cookie helps the Housing Department save some of your information for your next visit.
It makes it easier to record your personal information, like your contact address, where you can send things.
When you return to the website of the Ministry of Housing, you will be able to access the information you have previously provided; as such, you will also be able to use the functions of the Housing Department that you have created.
You can accept or reject cookies.
The web browsers may take the cookies automatically, but you can change the browser settings so that you can reject them if you want.
If you decide to give up the cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Housing Department or the websites of the other sites you visit. 
Protection of personal information
The Ministry of Housing protects your personal information against unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
The Ministry of Housing protects information entered into a computer that identifies you personally and, in a controlled and inaccessible manner, prevents unauthorized use or release.
If personal information (e.g. your credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected by an information transducer program such as the Secure Layer Protocol (SSL).
Amendments to this statement
The Ministry of Housing will, from time to time, add more information to this privacy statement in order to take into account feedback from companies and clients.
The Ministry of Housing encourages you to review this application in a timely manner so that you can see the measures taken by the Ministry of Housing to protect your information.
Contact information
The Ministry of Housing welcomes your reaction to this statement.
If you believe that the Ministry of Housing has not followed up on this application, contact the Ministry of Housing at: webmaster@kznhousing.gov.za.
We will make every possible effort to resolve this problem as soon as possible.
Address by Prime Minister Abraham Rasul at the graduation ceremony
Today we are gathered here to congratulate the graduates who have passed with flying flowers.
We say to them, "You've worked hard." We are proud of you, of the province and of the people. Your parents are proud of you, but more importantly, you are proud of yourself. 
At the moment, we are proud to realize that this moment of success is the result of commitment and long-term sacrifices; it is becoming clearer at a time that is best described as difficult.
The Matrix is complicated.
Over the past 10 years, the entire educational system must be separated from that of apartheid.
We have revealed most of the success, such as greater inclusiveness, curricula and end-of-year examinations, a larger number of those who pass their matriculation certificate, and the realization that education goes beyond personal needs – because the economy depends on the skills provided by the education system.
The Matrix is very complicated.
The leaders gathered here today in Levenhof are undoubtedly highly qualified leaders; they are the ones who have succeeded and are the ones who are the ones who deserve respect in the province.
However, we also recall almost 71 per cent of those who have not completed their higher education in the last 20 years, about half of the 80,000 children in the past 12 years have entered the first grade with you, but failed to pass their examinations in 2004 because they dropped out of school; many of those who have received a matriculation certificate but have not been able to take it or to complete higher education because of their grades or choices.
The Matrix continues to be more complicated because you are our windows at school.
The nation sees its future through your achievements.
They put you in good faith for your well-being.
They trusted the future by investing in an educational project that included this holiday.
Indeed, most of the national and provincial budgets are devoted to education.
It was only this year that we had to collect money from other provincial services and give it to them for education in order to keep 2,000 teachers working.
We have increased investment in poverty-stricken schools so that an increase in the number of schools can lead to a positive increase in education through a firm belief in the future of all schools in towns.
More importantly, Prime Minister Dagmore and Superintendent-General Schwartz, we have the opportunity to develop human relations strategies to show that these investments are necessary. 
We must produce certificates that have solid values that achieve remarkable results, that are credible in our lives and that benefit others.
That's why we're here today to celebrate.
Hold on to those hopes while we build a house for everyone.
We support your success because you sacrificed yourself and worked hard, your parents sacrificed themselves to keep you in school, and your principal donated and invested in your future.
Many doubt how valuable it is to celebrate achievements in the field of education, given their complexity and the fact that they can still reflect the remnants of the apartheid system.
Only you can overcome this by making a commitment to build a house for all, i.e. to build a house for all. A non-discriminatory environment in which all are equal.
That should be reflected in everything you say next.
So far, you've decided to work very hard.
A certificate of higher education helps you to make decisions and to choose who you want to be and what kind of life you want to lead.
We congratulate you and wish you all the best.
The task of managing the Government &apos; s 2010 communication project is to:
:: Promote the successful achievement of the goals of communication strategies for the first World Cup, the African World Cup.
Use this opportunity once in a lifetime to demonstrate and further strengthen unity and pride among the peoples of South Africa;
To inspire young people
Playing this country into the world
:: Create a communications environment that will help seize this opportunity to accelerate development and empowerment
Unite Africa
We will succeed in this endeavour by doing the following:
:: Governance and integration of government messages related to the 2010 World Cup
:: Building a spirit of unity and partnership throughout the country between public and private advocates from all sectors and building alliances with communicators on the African continent and the diaspora so that, through collective efforts, the country and the African continent can take advantage of this unlimited communication opportunity; 
Leading Government strategic communication projects related to the 2010 World Cup
National traffic regulations have been amended to improve road safety.
POLOCKVAN: National traffic regulations have been amended.
This amendment is referred to as Amendment 27 and entered into force at the time of its publication.
The Ministry of Transport and Roads informs drivers of these changes:
All vehicles registered after 1 August 2010 shall bear registration plates equipped with pop models or screws.
If they cannot be attached to the vehicle, they shall be fitted on a grid which is aligned with SAN 973.
This amendment will reduce the number of traffic offences and crimes committed by drivers who easily remove their car licence plates so that they cannot be caught.
It would be difficult to remove the plates and then return them after the crime had been committed, as additional costs would have to be paid.
The license plates are made of aluminium, which makes it difficult to burn them at the scene of the accident.
As from 1 February 2011, persons who are granted a driver &apos; s licence for codes C, C1, EC or EC1 are no longer allowed to drive vehicles requiring code B or EB code (under the old regulations, a person licensed for code 10, 11, 13 and 14 is not allowed to drive a vehicle for which a licence for code 08 is required).
This applies to holders of new licences.
A large number of student drivers who are currently applying for small car licences apply for major vehicle licences to avoid, for example, parallel parking tests.
When they are licensed to drive large cars, they drive small cars that are not used for driving and eventually become involved in accidents.
All persons licensed to drive large cars are expected to have professional driving permits, but statistics show otherwise.
This evidence supports the conclusion that the claimants simply wanted to obtain licences to operate small cars rather than large ones.
As part of the process of obtaining certificates as part of road tests, devices have been introduced to control the stability to the direction of traffic for mini- and medium-level buses.
This applies only to all mini-buses and minibuses, not to newly manufactured new ones.
A person who has registered a car or represents it must submit a completed DSC form to the testing station.
The directional stability control device is a device that prevents tyre drop from the rim when the tyre is torn while the vehicle is in motion. 
An amendment to Regulation 332 containing lists of breathing testers that can be used to collect breathing samples as evidence has been published; the certificate submitted by the creator may be used as evidence in connection with the relevant offences.
The purpose of the amendment is to correct the question raised by the legal adoption of the breathing apparatus under section 65(7) of the National Road Traffic Act 1996, whether they are in conformity with the 1973 ABS and whether they can be used to measure the level of alcohol in the respiratory system.
The following paragraphs are recommended: 
This is very important at the end of the season, as it complements our efforts to combat drunk driving on our roads.
Child health services (prenatal care)
Pregnant women and girls are referred to antenatal care or midwifery units (IPAs) located in cities, outpatient clinics or clinics independent of hospitals in rural areas.
The MOUs are maternity wards that are served by midwives in the community and provide medical care to patients.
Pregnant women are encouraged to book their first visit to the hospital for the rest of 20 weeks or immediately thereafter.
For the first time, the mother receives a thorough check-up and counselling when she is in labor for the first time; this is related to prenatal care and is also referred to as a registered visit.
Pregnancy is monitored by means of normal subsequent pregnancies.
The health of the mother is also monitored.
You will be weighed, your blood pressure will be measured and urine tests will be performed.
In the absence of any problems, the mother is required to make a follow-up visit in 20 weeks so that she can obtain the results of the tests conducted during the registered visit.
Thereafter, she must visit the clinic every 6 weeks until 28 weeks, then for 34 weeks and thereafter, as recommended by the hospital/MO staff (the visits may vary from place to place).
Pregnant women are tested for possible complications that could endanger their lives and those of their unborn children.
Pregnant adolescent girls and women over 35 years of age are considered particularly dangerous cases.
This means that complications during pregnancy and childbirth are more likely to occur.
All pregnant women can be classified as high-risk if they have high blood pressure, a history of genetic problems and multiple pregnancies, and if they have had surgery such as a caesarean section in the past.
Women at high risk are referred to specialized outpatient hospitals, i.e. hospitals with a high level of risk. At tertiary hospitals where other tests and examinations are carried out.
It is recommended that high-risk mothers visit antenatal hospitals, which provide outpatient services as necessary.
If this is your first visit to a medical facility, you will be asked to fill out the form and the case will be solved.
Bring in the documents, any other medication you're taking, and your medical or hospital card, if you've already registered with this facility.
In districts, outpatient clinics and independent clinics in rural areas, measures are being taken to regulate low-risk pregnancies (in-patient obstetric care units run by midwives in the community to provide medical care to patients).
High-risk pregnancies are carried out in out-patient hospitals in rural areas and provincial hospitals or specialized higher hospitals.
Integrated nutrition programme
The Integrated Nutrition Programme (IPP) aims to improve the food situation of all residents of Western Cape Province.
The programme has many components.
What do you mean, "nutrition"?
Malnutrition is a major problem in South Africa, which is one of the causes of disease and death among children.
Approximately 30 per cent of children suffer from malnutrition as a result of inadequate care in the early years of life.
The main causes of malnutrition are malnutrition and mental and social pressures/issues.
Poverty and lack of food are the main problems that lead to malnutrition.
The INP is trying to keep an eye on this silent killer through a variety of approaches.
Supplementary food for children
Food supplements, including foodstuffs and energy drinks, will be provided to children in community-based care programmes that are tested and identified as malnourished (including children and adults living with HIV and tuberculosis).
Additional food is provided to those consumers who have been identified in accordance with established criteria.
Health experts provide advice and research on nutrition and cooking methods for health.
Food programme experts provide separate services to communities.
Breastfeeding
To help combat malnutrition among young children, health professionals encourage women to breastfeed their children for up to six months only and then continue breastfeeding even if they are provided with solid food until they reach the age of two.
Other feeding methods are discussed with HIV-positive women.
Under the Vredendal Hospital Initiative and the Grote Shuur Parental Hospital, children &apos; s hospitals are in the province.
Growth monitoring
All children are weighed on a case-by-case basis as part of the growth monitoring programme; this is an indicator of whether the child is growing or not.
Weight recorded in the book &quot; Road Map for Health &quot;. 
The causes of weight loss, such as transmitted diseases, lack of food at home and neglect of children, are being tested.
The main causes of malnutrition among children are transmitted diseases, and these diseases are treated at the health level.
Diarrhoea is closely linked to unclean conditions (transport of sanitation and water) and to situations where the child is not properly cared for; this puts the child at risk of excessive long-term diarrhoea. 
Poverty reduction
Families suffering from poverty are identified and then directed towards government programmes that contribute to poverty reduction.
The provision of adequate and nutritious food is central to some parts of the health sector, as well as to other sectors that provide support and interventions.
Vitamin additives
Addressing micronutrient deficiencies is an important part of our services.
These micronutrients are natural, such as vitamins and minerals, found in small quantities in food and are important for good health.
The INP provides vitamin A supplements to children identified as suffering from deficiencies.
Vitamin A deficiency children lose weight, undermine growth and often risk contracting and dying as a result of disease.
Vitamin A deficiency affects the eyes and is one of the causes of blindness in children.
Children born with mild diarrhoea receive vitamin A capsules that enhance the immune system and stimulate child growth.
Children between the ages of 6 months and 11 months receive one dose of vitamin A (100,000 IU) to prevent serious diseases.
Children between 12 months and 5 years of age receive one dose of 200,000 Yuan for 12 months and one dose of 200,000 Yuan every six months before they reach the age of five.
An additional dose of vitamin A is given to children suffering from high levels of malnutrition or transmission in the same manner as tuberculosis, diarrhoea, measles and HIV.
Deworming
Children's weight loss can be the result of worms, and the clinic can treat them with degelministic drugs.
Advise on nutrition in a context-specific manner
Nutritional education, information and counselling are provided at all stages of care to persons suffering from stroke, high blood pressure, diabetes, HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis.
Primary school food programmes
The primary school feeding programme is implemented in schools with children from poor families.
These programmes are implemented in cooperation with the Ministry of Education.
The provincial government plans to reach 125,000 children in 847 primary schools in the province by 2004 as part of its school food programme.
Food in the centres
The INP is involved in assisting clients in the centres by providing food services to identify food items.
Instructions:
For the first time, those attending a hospital, a tertiary hospital or a high-level hospital will be asked to fill out a questionnaire and the case will be opened.
Please bring the documents.
You must receive your letter of referral to the hospital.
The hospital will ask you for payment/income tax (IRP5).
If you're registered to a hospital, take your card with you.
Address by Mr. Ntopile Kghanyago, Deputy Minister of Public Works, Member of Parliament, on the opening day of the Tshwan City Centre programme at the South African Reserve Bank building in Tshwan
Other high-level government officials
Ladies and gentlemen, the press.
Dear guests
The decision of the Cabinet in 1997 to encourage government agencies to make the Tshwan City Centre their permanent home shows that this was an excellent vision, then and now.
The result is a well-planned programme for the reconstruction of our cities and their return to their former glory, as well as the Government &apos; s recommendation for the revival of cities and other development programmes aimed at the development of culture and the management of cities in accordance with human rights.
Today, as we begin to realize that vision, we are also celebrating our journey until now.
In-depth discussions are also often reflected in intensive discussions of environmental needs and options within government departments; this does not distract us from our original goals of creating a working environment in the government departments of Tshwane.
At the same time, we must participate in the reconstruction of the city centre and in the restoration of its former glory.
Other challenges that are equally important include the private sector investment campaign, the development of the image of Tshwane as an important capital city in Africa and the promotion of black economic development.
The State is the largest owner of land and property and one of the leading investors in the rural government economy, as well as in major municipalities, in particular in Johannesburg and Tshwan in Gautengue.
Departments need buildings that can be used as jobs and office space in order to meet their obligations to provide services to the population in order to fulfil their mandate.
It is well known that most government buildings are in good and fair condition, not in the best possible condition.
Much of the costs will relate to renewal, promotion and renovation, which will be part of the Tshwane BE project.
In addition, the Government, through the Ministry of Public Works, spends more than $2 billion on public works. (Thousands of United States dollars) In addition, the Government of the Republic of Moldova has made a number of efforts to reduce the cost of rents and other building maintenance costs (i.e., rents and other building maintenance costs, such as municipal rates and services, which benefit the private sector and rural governments.
In many cases, it is expected that stakeholders will lead the Tshwane City Renewal Project, possibly with the participation of the Gauteng Provincial Government through cooperation in major projects supported by the Gautenga Economic Development Agency (HEDA).
With regard to the &quot; Tshwane City Centre &quot; project, it will henceforth be known as &quot; Re Kgabisa Tshwane &quot; with the subheading &quot; A Better Place to Work &quot;.
At the time President Thabo Mbeki announced the Action Plan in 2004, he recommended that the national departments of public works and public service and administration cooperate in the implementation of the project in order to create jobs for government departments and public servants.
Public physical infrastructure is the engine of service delivery, and public officials are the fuel that drives the engine and ensures its faster, more efficient and more functional functioning.
At the stage of defining the needs of the project, many public officials questioned the importance of having very beautiful jobs that contribute to the fulfilment of their responsibilities; this also includes internal and external spaces, which made it necessary to cooperate with the municipality of Tshwane because its work is the management of most parts of the city, such as transportation, cleanness, safety, security and the general appearance of the city.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the leadership and leadership of Tshwan for his vision of support for the project and for aligning it with integrated development plans.
A memorandum of understanding (MOU), i.e. a memorandum of understanding, will soon enter into force. An agreement with the Department of Public Works and the city of Tshwane; today they will confirm that they have agreed on the fundamental issues that will begin the process.
It is a statement of intention to cooperate in the implementation of programmes and projects that are mutually beneficial to both parties.
We want to tell you that the work has already begun, and over the next 10 years we will see more than $8 billion in investment. The Government and the private sector, through financial contributions, improved terms of rent and cooperation between the Government and the private sector, have provided RWDs to the Government and the private sector.
With regard to the management programme, the Department of Public Service and Administration, the Department of Public Works, the National Treasury and the municipality of the capital, Tshwane, have established a Management Committee.
In particular, the committee would support the programme, manage and monitor its functions, develop a sponsorship plan and ensure that it was implemented jointly.
The Department has elected Mr. Doumisani Dlamini as Deputy Director-General to lead the entire project.
Thank you.
The Speaker of the House, the Honourable Minister, cabinet colleagues, members of the House, distinguished guests, officials of the Housing Department, the press and the public are welcomed.
Ladies and gentlemen, these words refer to the political situation in South Africa, especially in the West Cap.
Regardless of how committed some people are to the development of that country, the aim of others is to undermine the good work done by that caring Government during the short period in which it was in power.
Ladies and gentlemen, many people are discussing what housing really means; let me give you another explanation.
For me, housing isn't just an orphanage.
These are people who dedicate themselves to improving their space and creating a better future for themselves.
It is about creating successful communities and viable living conditions.
It is a success that is based on unity, cooperation with the private sector, the public sector and non-governmental organizations, but more importantly, communities.
For me, housing can be explained as a process that involves planning with people, not planning for them.
Housing in South Africa is not food-related, but a process that has been carried out in accordance with democratic principles for the people of the country, who fought hard for them.
It is a process that involves listening to people and allowing people to exercise their democratic rights in choosing houses and the conditions in which they want their homes to be located.
Thus, nothing is as inhuman and undemocratic as a system that infringes on the right to choose people.
Unlike the apartheid system, as a social activist, people are at the centre of my vision and my plans to bring them home.
Ladies and gentlemen, as Minister of Housing of the Province, I am pleased to present my second budget speech today.
I am proud to speak about the budget on the eve of the tenth anniversary of a democratic Government.
There is tangible evidence that, in less than 10 years of democratic rule, the ANC Government has achieved much that has not happened in any country in the world.
We did a good job.
With regard to the tangible results of the 1.4 billion housing opportunities that the Government has achieved, I am proud to say that over the past nine years we have built 167,000 housing units, representing about 11 per cent of the national cake.
In my view, this is commendable work at any level.
I would also like to state that the past year has been characterized by problems that have had a negative impact on the delivery of homes throughout the country and in the province.
These problems are due to the development of new policy guidelines requiring each person receiving a home to pay R2,479 as well as to the implementation of the National Guarantee Programme for State housing subsidies by the Housing Council.
These measures are not intended to delay the provision of housing, but to ensure that people are provided with cost-effective and quality housing.
It is a process for implementing these guidelines and causes delays in the delivery of houses.
The situation was exacerbated by the fact that my department worked without the Director-General for nine months.
This has had a significant impact on this process.
I have appointed Mr. Seth Macetula, who was born and raised here in Cape Town, and worked for national and local authorities; I would like to congratulate and welcome him, although I have done so many times.
In addition to these challenges and barriers, I am proud to inform our people that my department has used 348 billion dollars of the financial resources allocated to it. In the West Cap, the amount of Randh is about 92% of the housing subsidy.
Some provinces do not even use 52 per cent of their subsidies.
This means that some 25,000 grants have been approved.
A growing number of poor families will be able to benefit from the new democratic Government.
Ladies and gentlemen, this represents a massive growth of 3,000, compared to the previous year.
In this regard, I would like to thank the municipality of the province for the important role they have played.
Without their commitment and commendable work, we would not have been able to use that money.
I would also like to thank Cape Town for using almost 70 per cent of our budget.
I cannot forget to thank my officials for their sacrifices and participation in this vision of the nation with homes.
Ladies and gentlemen, I will not lie to myself, presenting a positive picture of the house delivery process.
There are gaps in the delivery process.
We still need to improve on the following pressing issues:
Most of our homes are not consistent with policy changes – moving from quantity to quality houses.
We continue to need to change the provision of housing from the provision of housing to the establishment of a decent settlement process. 
We need to change the participation of housing recipients so that they can contribute and not do anything.
We need to change our people's way of thinking so that they can view subsidy homes as valuable property, instead of treating them as products.
COMMUNITY SECTOR POLICIES PROGRAMME
Both the mother and the child benefited greatly when James Buscuckwe, who was 16 days old, reunited with his biological mother on April 7, 2006.
The incident began when the mother of James &apos; child came to the hospital on 6 April to visit her son; it was at that moment that she realized that her child had been handed over to another woman who had claimed that she had been born the previous day.
Upon finding out, the nurses notified the Kekana police station, as the woman who had taken James had provided an address in Kekana.
They searched the address, but they didn't find anything.
None of the people at this address confirmed this name and description.
On the night of 6 April, TPL held a meeting.
The chairman of the commission at the station informed the secretaries of the assembly of the abducted child and asked everyone to keep an eye on the ear.
At 11 p.m. that evening, a police officer called the police and gave them information about a woman in their ward who had not been seen pregnant but now had a boy.
The police followed this lead and found this woman.
Hospital staff were summoned and soon identified the child as the person who had been abducted, as well as the woman who had abducted the child.
Various items were found in the accused &apos; s home as evidence, including a plastic hospital.
The woman was arrested and the unharmed child was taken to the hospital, where he was reunited with the real mother the following day.
The State measures that had led to the rehabilitation of the child were welcome, as they demonstrated the importance of the community police programme in that sector.
The sector policing programme should not be undermined, but used and implemented correctly.
Keep up the good work, Kekana TPL!
Dear madam.
I think I'm lucky I walked past your police station in Mondeor and ran into your police magazine.
I think it's published once a month, and it was good to read it.
My wife and I recently opened a new business, and we'd like to invite you all or some of your employees if they patrol our house, come and have a cup of coffee or tea for free, and I hope we can also give them a cookie or two.
I'm sure you realize that starting a new business isn't easy, and it takes a lot of work and a lot of money.
Despite this, we believe that the police and all other legal departments are important to all South African citizens.
This is a small gesture that we would like to express to you in order to express our appreciation for your dedication to ensuring that we members of the community are safe and continue to enjoy our daily lives.
We look forward to your answer, or, better yet, that some of your staff visit our store so that we can get to know each other.
We also commend all the members of the South African legal departments for your dedication and sacrifice to ensure South Africa &apos; s security.
Short point letters may be sent to the editor by fax or e-mail.
The right to edit or reduce letters is retained.
APPLICABILITY TO ACTION
On 14 June 2007, an article entitled &quot; Police Online Journal &quot; (www.sapsjournalon-line.gov.za) mentioned how two police officers from the Vehicle Identification Unit in Velcoma had been arrested for corruption and fraud.
The two officers, the superintendent and the inspector, reportedly sold vehicles that had been found by the police for their own benefit.
Two accused were brought to trial on 12 June, but their case was postponed until 21 August 2007.
The following day, on 15 June 2007, the News-24 newspaper had a headline: two policemen were arrested for armed robbery.
This concerned an intern and an inspector who reportedly robbed a clothing store in Marble Hall and stole money, pants and shirts.
Corruption among police officers must end.
At present, most of us are honest citizens; we work hard; a handful of police officers show lack of self-respect; others show disrespect for their uniform or the Police Code of Conduct.
It's time to destroy this poison in the police.
Now you can help put an end to corrupt police by exposing them on a new line to report a crime.
Anonymous
If you suspect that one of your colleagues is doing something suspicious, or if there is someone you know, it could be a police officer, a member of your family, a colleague, a neighbour or a stranger who is involved in or is planning to engage in criminal acts, you can send a text message to: 32211.
This is a new number recently introduced by Primedia in Sandton, and you can use it to report crimes all over the country.
You can send SMS to 32211 (R1 for sms) or visit www.crime-line.co.za.
People trained in data collection are awaiting the transmission of this information to the police, who will then take immediate action.
It's important that you remain anonymous.
Now you have the power to fight crime without putting yourself in danger.
Primida promises not to mess with you.
Yusuf Abramji, coordinator of the Primedia Crime Project, said, "We don't need your name or address, except when you want to give it to us, you don't need to make statements or appear in court."
▪ What we need is crime - related information only to enable the police to take action.
This new campaign against crime throughout the country, worth thousands and thousands of rands, was launched by Primedia in Sandton on 7 June 2007.
It is based on the International Crime Programme, which aims to combat crime.
In September 1976, the Crime Eradication Programme was launched in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
It was a cooperation between the public, the media and legal organizations and had been established to combat crime and ensure human security.
Currently, 1,200 anti-crime programmes are being implemented in 20 countries around the world, using information provided by the public to help combat crime.
According to Director Primedia, Mr. William Kirsch, these programs led to the arrest of 600,000 people!
What every police officer should know about this campaign against crime is that it is fully supported by the Prime Minister for Safety and Security, Mr. Charles Nqakula, and the National Police Commissioner, Jackie Selebi.
Commissioner Selebi promised that, as an organization, we would do everything in our power to make this project a success.
The question is, what are you gonna do about it?
There is a need for full support for all, not only for immediate action when information comes from hot spots, but also for the implementation of the programme wherever it can be implemented.
Tell your families and friends about this program.
Make sure they understand that you will not be contacted in this campaign; you will remain anonymous, no matter what happens.
Please remember this isn't an emergency number.
People are required to report emergency situations to 10111 or at the nearest police station.
Thanks to this anti-crime campaign, news agents extended a hand to the police.
They want to help us make South Africa a safe place for all of us.
At the time of the introduction of the crime phone program, John Robbie, who participated in the morning talk at Talk Radio 702, donated 65 ID tools to the police.
Mr. Robbie recently invited the audience on the air to donate money to buy these instruments.
This Face Technology distributors also contributed by lowering the price of these cars so that companies that donated money for one car could buy two.
The premiere and John Robbie aren't the only ones who help fight crime.
Read any paper in a police magazine or online police magazine, and you'll see that the crimes are solved with the help of the public.
Thanks to the success of this anti-crime campaign, criminals, including several corrupt elements of the service, will now know clearly one... their days are numbered.
Accreditation of ETQA service provider.
South African Government Services
Requesting accreditation as a provider of education and training services from FTC
Description
The regulations on quality assurance of education and training, which fall within the competence of the South African Qualification Authority, require that all education staff apply for accreditation to ETHA.
In order to be accredited, education staff must register in accordance with applicable regulations. 
The regulations on higher education and further education require that all providers of education and training who provide full qualifications be registered with the Ministry of Education.
The provider of education and training services should provide standards and/or appropriate qualifications, which are the focal point for the quality assurance system for education and training (ETC) and the Training Authority (SETA) or professional organization.
Accreditation requirements:
* The accreditation requirements are contained in a document entitled &quot; Providers &apos; Conditions and Guidelines &quot;, which is available on the SACA website.
Programmes (and/or evaluations) implemented by education and training organizations lead to the development of uniform standards and/or qualifications that are registered in accordance with the National Qualification System (NCS).
* The curriculum (engineering, content and caricature) is aligned with standard units and/or qualifications.
:: Qualified personnel (services and prosecutors) are available.
:: Students have access to adequate student support services.
Assessments and tools used to measure the requirements of standards and/or the qualifications of units are legitimate and reliable and are used to improve educational standards.
Actions to be taken
* Send an appropriate letter to ETQA explaining that you wish to be accredited as an education and training provider.
:: Send the self-assessment and declaration form to ETCL.
If your application is rejected and you consider that the trial was unfair, you have the right to request a review of the decision.
* The ETQA list and its contact details are available on the SAQA website.
The trial may take up to six months.
This service is free of charge.
There are forms you need to fill out.
Applications for accreditation as a provider of education and training services and other accompanying documents may be obtained from the relevant FTC.
Contact information. Please select one of these:

